Alright, I thought of a good idea for a-vimeo and that's, it's called quick characters, where I create a character and then I ssh put the camera on Jake or he creates a character and he puts the camera on me. 
A guy who didn't, who just didn't get a raise but bet somebody the amount of the raise that he wouldn't get it. So he's a little disappointed from a career standpoint but he's still gonna get the money from a friend. 
What happened? 
(laughed) Why is that? 
Nah, I was just kdding about that. 
Oh, no. I was sort of kidding about that. 
I'm not gonna write you a check. 
Okay. 
Why gotta go make things so difficult for me. You don't act to three. One two. (Yawns) Sbray Nga-I don't want it too. One, I'll be in the car. 
A guy who takes a drink out of his water and it taste like his own urine, and he wants to tell people that it taste like his own urine but he can't because then he would have to explain the fact that he's one drinks, that he's once drink his own pee and he doesn't wanna do that. 
Like what? 
Yes, every single issue... (background and get... (background: rumbling). I need to tie my shoe (background: You wanna put the whole quarter. I'm outta here. Ha Ha. Kinda. He He Bwe Bwe Bwe Bwe). I have to go. 
A guy who is just planning on go to, on going to dinner with his five friends but then one of them just told him that de, it's sort of a reservation and they only have five. So he's just gonna have to stay back. 
(laughing) 
(Smiling) I mean, don't just say you're not gonna do it. 'Coz if you're not gonna do it, baah then you shouldn't be holding a camera right now. I'm being serious. Like, honestly, don't even film this. I'm being completely serious right now. If you're not gonna take it seriously, I don't even wanna be part of this thing. Like I just hanged out to this project because I thought you were gonna help produce it, but you're not gonna help produce it (background: Jake holding his laugh sound). Ha ha! 
All right, this is a 30 second debate between myself and Jake. Uh, Jake. What do you think about global warming? Do you think humans can slow it down or is it just an unstoppable force? Should we not even bother? Should we be like, You know what? I'm gonna drive my car and I'm gonna eat my gasoline and I'm gonna do whatever I want because I'm an american? 
I can't. I can't...let's do that again. I can't hear you when you do like fast forward talking. So just talk normal. 
laughs You did it again. You talked..you talked like super fast, and I can't..nobody's gonna understand you. 
laughs All right, let's just...stop it. Let's just do it later, 'cause I'm..I'm running late, so I have to go anyway. (Amir turns to leave, but as he starts walking, time slows down tremendously. Amir turns around) 
Stop it! I'm seriously late! (Amir turns and leaps forward, but time has slowed again) 
You're so annoying! 
Jason, you weren't supposed to see this. Get out!  
Jake, can I trust you? 
What are you talking about? 
What was so awesome? 
Talking about something. 
Huh? 
Are you kidding? 
So you don't like to kite. 
Okay. You scared me! 
(entering from the side and sitting down in a chair next to Jake) Ughhhhh... 
I don't know how people do it. 
No, you don't know what I meant. I meant, I don't know how people get tattoos. 
Just, forget about the meeting, how-- When you got your tattoo, did it hurt you? Who else has a tattoo in the office? Now that I'm inked up. 
Now that I have ink. 
You're treating me so different now that you know that I have a tattoo. 
It's embarrassing telling you this shit because I don't-- I don't want-- 
I dunno, it's a tattoo. 
Okay, what is this? (Doodles a sort of backwards Greek letter Alpha on the whiteboard.) What is that of? That's not of anything, but it's still a tattoo. 
Mine's a bear. Okay? 
I dunno, in the woods or something. 
Let's get-- let's go to a fucking bar. 
I haven't felt this interrogated-- (Jake lifts up Amir's sleeve) get- 
It's not on my shoulder or anything, it's just like on my.. area. What does it matter? 
What does it matter where it is? 
Is that a dick? No, it's a cannon. Leave me alone, I-- it's- it's getting sore! (pushing Jake's hands away as he tries to pull Amir's shirt up.) 
Get off of me, man.  
(on the ground, with his shirt pulled up, revealing a (Sharpie-drawn) tattoo of a penis with GAY written below it) Get off of me! What does it matter what it is? 
(getting up) Those are my initials! 
(Talking into the phone) A3. D2. D4. 
(Eating a Milky Way) So fucking sick. 
I think you should leave. 
(laughing) Hah! I tied your shoes together. 
(suddenly getting serious) 
I'm trying to play a joke and Fuck you, man, that's all I get back? I'm sorry, wow. I'm a dick for playing a joke. On my friend. 
Someone I thought was my friend, at least. 
Why are you untying your shoes? That means the joke's over, that means our relationship's over. When you fell over, I laughed, because I respected you. How wrong I was. Shame on me. 
(while Jake is falling) I don't even wanna talk about it. 
Funny, right? 
So act, act like it's funny. 
And there's that effort again! You didn't... Forget it. (leaves) 
So drunk... 
Last night I got so drunk... 
I had like, so many beers. 
I was like retarded... 
(silent laugh)... Sixty. 
(Getting nervous, rubbing his chin) I know... How many is believable? 
I know, twelve... I had twelve. 
I had twelve beers, yeah. Ssstupid afterwards. 
Yeah, right. I drink it all the time. 
Sweet. So sweet. Like sug-- What? 
No! (serious) No. It tastes not like sugar, it tastes like the opposite. 
Just like you're drinking... like you're drinking a sourdough baguette. 
Here's two... That was two things it doesn't taste like. 
It tastes... you know... Beer is water, it's like a fermentable starch source, alright?... 
...like malted barley, yeast, it's common for flavoring to be added-- 
You are? 
Why, what are you, what're you doing tonight? How many beers are you gonna have? I'll double it, easy. 
Take a drink before or after, whatever you drink-- 
...So sick. 
Oh, I'm writing an email, cause a friend of mine emailed me. 
Yeah, he was like writing me an email, so I'm emailing him back— 
Not the exact same pair. Yours are yellow, right? I can't—yeah, they're yellow. 
Oh the idea. I didn't—yeah I didn't know you invented sunglasses. That's—I guess that's why I messed up because I didn't know you invented sunglasses. Why are you even still working here? Can't you live off the royalties of wearing— 
Why are you wearing a blue shirt today? I'm wearing a blue shirt, and your new rule is that nobody can wear the same thing, right? So, I can't wear a blue shirt if you are? 
Yesterday they were gay. But then people said that they liked it, so I got a pair of my own. I mean, I'm allowed to change my mind. 
I'm getting a call. 
It's on vibrate mode. 
Yeah, it's like call-forwarding, so it—I don't really know how it wor—(Jake hangs up the phone) Hello? Hello? Ah, shh, I lost her. 
Oh, I forgot to tell you. I thought of the chillest screen name last night. It was so chill. It's like the chillest thing I've  ever thought of, and it was a screen name, can you believe it? Don't you at least want to know what it is? 
It's chilldude22. Two-two. Chill dude two-two. 
I know. It's so good. 
It's fly as hell. That's why I love it so much. 
I know, but it's not a big deal if I'm just, like, putting up—like, throw up an away mess, and I'm just like, Hey I changed my  name to, like, something super chill. I'm sure people will understand. 
Jesus, actually no, it's not. 
Damn, that's like the chillest one I've ever thought of! 
It's more than tough. 
You know, I'm gonna add the name chilldude22 to my bu—my BL, and I'm gonna check out if this chill guy wants to swap. 
Whoa, he's actually online. 
Maybe I should IM him and ask him if he wants to switch. Hey. (Jake's computer makes an IM sound) Wanna swap names? (Jake's  
Did you steal my chill screen name?! 
I mean, I'm gonna tell you what it is because it's such a chill quote that it belongs with that screen name, but: She says we  gotta hold on to what we got cause it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not. How could you do that? Like, you know I thought  that was the chillest. 
I'm supposed to be the chill dude. 
We did it! 
Torn. Just this, it's like about a guy who just walks around beating people up. And he like, stabs people in the neck and then just plays with blood. And beats the shit outta people for fun. Hwoh, hwoh. (mimicks punching Jake) I figure for high five, we just come down, and it's like Nothing's right. We're torn. 
I put it on my workout mix cause it's like so, it's just core. Just... (inhales and flexes pecs) 
No, but... Come, on let's do just one more high five, we'll choose like the manliest song, (JAKE No, I'm not doing it) it'll be about like the Terminator or something, just like, killing people, one more time! Up high! Super sick! Let's do this! 
Come on, man! 
(stretching his arms, trying to seem casual) 
We're not supposed to use the phone at work. 
What's the best you can get on an IQ test? 
180 is pretty good though, right? Highly gifted it says... 
I took an online IQ test, I got a 180. Pretty... 
Uhm, no, why? 
Psht, no. It didn't say that. It didn't say to. 
10. So hard. 
'If you turn a right glove inside out, would it fit on your left hand?' 
Wrong. 
Ok yeah, that's the one I got wrong. So 9 out of 10. That's... still pretty sick... 
I mean, look... (turning the laptop towards Jake) They're so... You wouldn't be able to get any of these... 
Yeah, first 3 were on a banner ad. So... 
We'll see what the scam is when I get my diploma. 
49 bucks, but it comes in a sick frame. 
Psh, it doesn't mean anything... I'd like to see... I'd, I'd onestly like to see how you do. 
Only people who get 180 or more even get the opportunity to buy the diploma, so I don't see why I shouldn't. 
It's not... Seems easy, but it's not... 
Figure it out. If you're so smart... You think you can get a better than a 180, you could figure who turned off your monitor. 
Not saying it was, not saying it wasn't. 
Let's make a deal. 
If I plu- 
Huh? 
I dunno. Was it me? 
Yeah, I mean, sometimes it says 'Restricted'. 
Maybe. 
(pause) ...So smart. 
Hey. Dinner. Tonight. 8 o'clock. 
Ice cream? You want ice cream? 
Probably can't... probably can't get ice cream unless you finish your dinner. 
Come on, man. Don't be some loser who stays at home. 
I'm sorry, listen. I shouldn't have called you a loser. Let me come over, make dinner, we'll eat it together, I feel like a huge... I feel like a dick ever since I made fun of you. 
Like I know you're just trying to be polite or whatever. I'm not gonna take no for an answer. 
What's your favorite beer? 
Comin' over with a twelver of it. 
Come on, let's do something together for once. 
Sweet! I'll come over at 8. Vodka and Red Dogs. Ruff! Auuuuuu! 
Yeah. That's how I do a bull, it's so weird. It's like 'ruff'. 
...... Ruff! 
Let me just finish editing the whole thing, and then we'll watch it all. Instead of watching individual part by part, we'll just watch it all at the end.  
Those have been done. I mean, we're not gonna make a Mentos ad anytime soon. 
The thing is, you can't put a price on faces, so every face, like that face, is priceless.  
That face is, like they're all, they're all priceless regardless. 
I'm not gonna look. 
You know how yesterday, when I was like 'you probably don't get it', like, when you make stuff, like when you make suggestions like that, I'm pretty sure you don't get any of these jokes. Like, what's funny about this one? 
No. It's not it. 
Why is the high-five one funny? 
No, it's not... the joke is never 
The joke is never because blank is gay. That's never the joke. It's not because kite is...  
It doesn't even... it's not even part of the joke. 
Stop! Listen, I come up with the ideas, I edit it, and then you do the other parts. 
Hey Jake. 
What's that? 
Ok. I didn't get why you did the gun thing, then.  
I'll do it. 
You do drums. 
Not, it's not. It's not bass. It's not a bass. 
I'm not! 
That's funny. 
(sighs) A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
Just a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. It's one of those days. 
I'm not referring to anything, it's just like a.. it's like a proverb. You just say it when there's silence in the room just to say something. 
They don't--none of them mean anything, you just say them, like Don't count your chickens before they hatch! or something. 
Yeah, that one means--that one probably means something but like all these other ones don't like mean anything, like Keep your nose to the grindstone! or whatever. 
Well you come up with one that doesn't mean anything then! 
Not all of them. Not all of them. 
Let me explain it to you. I don't think I'm explaining it right. If I'm sitting here in silence and you're also sitting there, I'll just be like Don't get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning! and then you'll be like (tips cap) whatever you tip your cap or whatever. 
Pssshhh. 
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill. 
That doesn't mean anything.  
Hey, what do think you about Third Eye Blind? 
What's ace? 
Wow Thats pretty ace! 
It's actually really ace. 
I mean it's pretty ace. 
What? 
Wow, that's really unace of you. I mean I thought we were gullies man! 
What!? What about tar... tarnaks? spokalins? 
None of these are real? 
cinadarks..? 
Tight? 
Ace. 
What is that? 
Cookies! 
Gimme. 
You have like..twelve. Give me one. 
opens his mouth Try to throw it into my mouth. 
It'll be so hard. 
moves his head around I'll go like this. See? 
See? 
Come on, you have like twelve cookies! Just give me one. 
licks his hand It's discussing. 
It's dis..discussing. 
It's gross is what it is. 
I thought they were homemade. 
shrugs I don't know, your mom does it or whatever. 
Okay, so I was wrong. Wow. 
Hang up. 
Stop. 
Hey call my phone i think i lost it 
ungh. in this i-p-phone? 
its more than that... 
its a calculator too 
hey whats your phone number ill put it in and ill divide it by two 
slow down 
how many buttons does your phone have i forgot 
just take it 
ill use this one 
i know how to use it 
here's a note 
it also can do boobs or whatever it really can do everything 
i know 
give me that one back though 
OK 
Ahh... what are you doing? 
Pull me out. Push my leg. Hold the-- hold the chair, and then I'll push my leg. 
OK, but I'll... 
Half backwards. 
Long day, right? 
What are you doing the rest of the day? 
I mean, I'm holding a cigarette. Don't judge me. 
Sorry, mom. Some things are too cool for school, Daddy-o. Oh God, people smoke. Sorry if this freaks you out! 
It should. 
Psh, I wish I could. I wish I could smoke it right now. So smooth, tastes like milk. But I can't, 'cause I don't have a lighter. If I had a lighter, that would be the only... 
Jesus Christ, man, put that away! You're gonna light this on fire, get us arrested! [taking the lighter] Just give it to me already. You don't even know how to do it. [using the lighter, which works fine] Doesn't work. I wish it would, 'cause then I could toke this baby.  
Plus it's green, which means it's gay, so I'm not gonna use it to light my cig. Watch this.  
Swish! [throws the lighter] Straight cash. 
[breaking the cigarette] Forget it, it's broken. Now we can't. And I'm all jittery, I'm all stressed out, I need another one. You owe me a cig. You owe me two cigs. 
No way, you don't know how to do it. You can't-- psh, half a cigarette? 
All right, very funny. Stop, stop! Look, it's all red now! Come on, I quit! I'm gonna sit regular. I just-- I quit! Let's go get drunk. Let's go to a bar. I'm buying the shots. 
Brews tonight? 
tomorrow then or something 
alright well lets just do something tonight lets go for a walk or something i just gotta get some stuff off my chest 
pshhh i mean I'm trying to tell you i have to tell you something 
just what are you doing after work, whats the big deal? I don't wanna tell you now... 
what? 
pchh. you tell me the day you leave? 
Yeah real strange, sorry i get strange when my best friend is leaving for a week and he didn't even tell me. 
You think were friends 
I actually might be able to come on Saturday... 
wow. flights are ridiculously expensive... 
are you sure, are you sure your parents are alright... with it? 
OK 
there's a bus that actually leaves Friday afternoon and i   would get there late late late Friday night. 
its forever and a day 
6 days and a day and then 7 nights. 
your'e right, we should hang out at night 
so sad. 
You rang? 
It doesn't matter, how many times I called, or how many times you called me, like, what do you wanna talk about 
I thought you were just being polite... 
Jake, it's Amir, phone tag, uh, you're it. Bye. 
Um, alright..I was talking to Ricky yesterday and he made it clear to me that one of our jobs was in danger. 
Yeah, mine...specifically. 
My job is in danger I just wanted to make this like a team thing..I know that if I got fired you'd come with me. 
So I wrote down some ideas because I know..yeah we can work here at College Humor til we're like sixty-five but we should always be thinking about the next...... Jake: [shaking his head] The next what? Do you want me to..? Amir: The next...... Jake: Am I supposed to finish that sentence for you?   
Alright, first idea. You know how Barry Bonds is in the home run thing? Like he's about to break the record? 
So, this website would text you when he hits the big one, when he hits number seven-fifty-five. 
Okay. Second idea is if you loved the Barry Bonds idea-- 
Okay. 
Okay. Okay. It would text you whenever anybody hits a homerun.   
Facebook for college students. So it's like a Facebook site but just for college students. 
Okay, just say..if you don't like something just say next 'cause it's a long list and I don't wanna waste your time. 
And you don't wanna waste mine.   
Global internet. Portal site. 
Discount electronics. 
Okay, so let's discuss. I'll put a star by it and then let's talk. I was thinking five dollar digital cameras at first. 
Two dollar DVD players. 
This one's actually kind of cool it's--you step on your laptop and it weighs you. It tells you how much you weigh like a scale. Jake: Okay so next. Amir: Scale.com Jake: Nope.   
Okay next one is...nicknames everybody loves them, nobody has them. I don't know what that meant. Any idea? 
Funny chinese names. 
Uh, an alphabetical database. 
Anything. 
Okay.   
Uh, IMDb but no actors. Just the movies. 
Yes. 
Alright, a website that says God bless you or Gesundheit for when people sn-- 
...sneeze around the office. No good or good? 
Okay, say that don't mumble. [Mumbling] Can you hear what I'm saying now or not 'cause I'm mumbling? 
Okay.   
Okay this one's actually kind of neat. It's a telephone for deaf people. So when-- 
So when deaf people cannot use the PHONE--let me finish! It's so frustrating! I know you're not doing it on purpose but--   
I just have a couple..a couple more. 
Second life, its this video game i play at night, all night 
Psh- 
its not that kind of video game, smarter than that... 
Thank you. For once thank you 
I'm definitely moving to Canada. 
I'm definitely moving to Canada. 
Do you even care? 
Cause reading this newspaper is depressing as sheesh. 
Bush. Specifically, our president. 
Taxes. 
Yeah. Not these taxes. 
Guns. It's depressing. 
I really want one. 
Way too easy. 
Wow, I am, so sorry, i had no idea it would be that bad. 
(sung) I'm the one who wants to be with you. Be with you. 
What? 
Really? 
I mean, I did choir in, like, fifth grade. 
But not 'cuz I wanted to, because my mom said I had to do something after school, and I didn't want to do basketball 'cuz I was too good, not because I like singing. 
Who would walk around singing? 
Build up your confidence and you can be on time for once. Wake up, who cares about- 
So make the best of this test and don't ask why. It's not a question but a lesson learned in time. 
Hey. Did I get, uh, a fax?  
Amanda, I had a question for you.  
It's... actually I just forgot it, so it doesn't matter. 
So weird that that happens. 
Hey there Delilah, I've got so much left to give. 
I wish you would step out from that ledge, my friend. I would understand. 
You want me to sing during it? 
How wonderful life is. 
Thank you! It sounds good, man. Right? 
Even more in love with me you'd fall. 
Yeah. Dumb bitch.  
So, sing before, or... 
Got it. (whispered) Dickhead. 
I mean, nobody else thinks I'm good; they don't see it.  
Mom, you are not coming up here. You do not come up here. That is so un-ace of you. 
Of course you wouldn't get what that means. It's an inside joke between me and my bestest friend in the world.  
Listen, if you come up here, you're going to embarrass me, you're gonna embarrass me more than you've ever embarrassed me before.  
Just leave the cake with the security guard downstairs and I'll get it on my way home. Bye. 
Lunch? What are you thinking for lunch? 
You don't get it, man. She's embarrassing as hell.  
First of all, she came here. She came here with a cake. She wants to come upstairs, meet everybody, give cake to everyone like it's a frickin' kindergarten class. 
You don't get it. That's... 
Honestly, and I wasn't going to say anything, just- 
Ok. You just, you look like a gaylord. 
Ok. Classic example. Freshman year, she sends me cookies in the mail because it's was my birthday, right? I couldn't throw them away, I had to flush them down the toilet because I was afraid everybody would see them. 
Ugh, hold on a second. What? Oh my god, I don't need a laptop, I already told you. Just give it to the maid, I honestly... Goodbye. 
It's like... do you have anyone in your life that just pisses you off, annoys you so much you wish you could just tell them off? 
But you secretly love them? 
Hi mom! Thanks for buying me this video camera. I know you wanted me to use it to document what I do on a day-to-day basis, so I'm gonna do exactly that. This is my video letter to you. Usually, I start every day by going over to my best friend Jake's house, who lives right here. (Presses a button on a nearby apartment building to buzz Jake) He's expecting me. 
It's me! 
I know you wanted to see what I do on a day-to-day basis, so this is my video letter to you. Usually, I start every day by visiting my best friend Jake, who lives right here. (Buzzes Jake) He's expecting me. 
See? 
Ok, cut. Don't- 
Oh! Mara's here. (turns the camera to Jake) Kind of a third wheel, right? 
Jake usually has food prepared for me when I get here. What's for brunch today, Jake? (Turns the camera to Jake.) 
Okay, come on. What is this? 
Brunch was delicious! Now we usually see a movie. What's it today, partner-in-life? 
Rush Hour 3? 
Come on, man. Come on. (Puts the camera down) 20 bucks. 20 bucks for the movie. 
Now we usually see a movie. What's it today, buddy? 
Wow, Rush Hour 3. Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? 
How was the movie, Jake? 
What was your favorite part? 
Come on. 
(to the camera) Mom, take a look. Jake and his girlfriend are in the bathroom together. 
Um. Usually, we play videogames after the movie. 
What's up man? Hey, uh, videogames. 
What? 
What's up? 
Okay. Uh, totally, thank you so much for all this. 
100 bucks for... and I get to hug you? 
On video. Definitely. 
Hold this. (He hands Jake the camera; sounds of him counting money can be heard.) Alright, fine. I only have 80 left, but... 
Come on, man! I'll give you 20... 
I'll be-- 
I'll be back in, like, less than two minutes. Where is it? 
Turn it off, I'll be back-- 
Alright, time to go! Uh, hold this. One second. (Gives the camera to Mara.) Later man. (Hugs Jake.) 
Bye mom! 
20 for... 20, one shot waving. 
Thank you so much. 
Yeah. No. I'll just put it in a timeline, and you export it. It's super easy. (Takes the camera back) How do you turn it off? 
Uuuuh, you're welcome! 
Hey.  
Yeah. 
Ok. 
Owwww.  
I'm a piece of shit.  
Just leave me alone! 
You know, you're not being very nice to me today. 
I mean, I appreciate that you're sitting next to me, eating lunch with me, but- 
I don't know, you? 
Why don't you just get out of here and let me finish my lunch in peace? 
Come on! Look, this is all wet! Ugh, it's so soggy! Ugh, it's gross! Ugh, so soggy! It's so gross! What's your problem? 
What? 
What are you talking about? 
Ok. Thanks. 
Uh, if you ever do another test, can you make sure it's not this way? 
I'm so sorry. 
It's meant a lot to me.  
Hey. 
Hello? 
It's me. 
What's going on for tonight? 
You know I can barely hear you, I dunno if it's you or if it's me. 
Ok. Lemme talk to you later. 
Alright I'll talk to you later. 
Bye. 
What? (reaches his arm to feel for what's in his back. He grabs it and starts laughing.) Oh my God. Look at this! I walked to work, (he takes out the hanger) there's still a hanger in my back. Ahah! I guess I never took it off of it when I wore it to work. 
What? 
If you don't feel pity, I know, I'm sorry. 
Jake, it's Amir. I feel really bad about before. I hope we can still be gullies, man. 
(scratching his neck with the hangar) Uh... Jake it's Amir again-- 
Hello? 
Labor Day.? 
What did you do this long weekend? 
I went camping.? 
I went-I went alone, I went by myself.  
Yeah. 
Huh?? 
I asked around, nobody really wanted to go, so . . .  
Live and learn, I guess.  
The Adirondacks.? 
Yeah, it's 350 miles north of here. 
I took a cab.? 
Seventeen hundred dollars.? 
I don't. ? 
I am, I know, I haven't eaten in three days. ? 
No. I mean I thought I'd catch a fish or something.  
No, that's the worst part. I had to like, follow squirrels and try to club them over the head with a fishing rod.? 
(screams in pain) My leg!  
I took a cab.? 
I thought of Halloween costumes for us. 
Blood brothers. 
Uh, this is just a key, but I'm ready to do it with a pin if you are. 
Ok. 
You're just saying that to impress your friends. 
Any friend. Anything. 
Why do I feel like I'm the only one working on this? 
Maybe you should. 
Definitely.  
I guess I'm acting weird because I lost a brother today. 
Yeah. 
No. It really hurt last time. 
Look at your desktop. 
(Laughing) Oh, man. 
It's an old fashioned prank, son. It's my parents having sex, and it's on your desktop. 
I put a picture of my parents having sex, and now it's on your desktop. 
What? 
What are you doing? 
Come on! Stop! This is a prank for you, not for her! 
Sto—okay, no. 
I don't want you to be embarrassed. 
Come on. 
Don't—come on! Stop it. 
No, don't come here! Please! I'm be—Jake, I'm begging you, please do not come—it's not! It's a joke, it's a prank! Please! What  
Come on, stop. It's just a prank for you! 
There's nothing to look at! 
Prank over. Okay? Everyone had their fun, right? 
I wanna prank you, but you made me feel bad about it. 
You think so? 
Why don't you pass the axe, bro? I'll show you how to really shred. Shred so hard. 
Give me the triangle plastic disc. 
The disc, yeah, the dick. Pick. 
Did you even, like, tune this axe? I taught myself how to play guitar. 
So. Pretty fly for a white guy. 
Nah. 
Easy.  
It's a pick. 
When I taught myself how to play guitar, uh, I knew two chords. 
Hold on a second. 
Stop, stop. This... you messed it up.  
Yeah. And now... 
Honestly, when I came in here and you were playing guitar, I thought you were playing the electric guitar. This is the only guitar I know how to play. 
I'm sorry for confusing you, how many times to I have to apologize to you? 
I just, I'm starting to feel like crap around you, man. It's just, I don't know what I'm doing wrong.  
Like, I got 15% on Free Bird the other day, I activated super power and just didn't mean it. 
I can't even talk around you anymore.  
Ever since, I don't know, ever since she came I just feel like crap. 
My Playstation 3. 
I don't shred by taking things, like, easily, you know? Look at this. 
Woah. Wow. Hello. 
Uh, yeah. Actually, no. I was... I'm in the bathroom now. 
Sorry, lavatory. I mean, what's the difference, anyway? There's nothing a little notorious about this place.  
I mean, like, it looks like a bathroom, but they call it a lavatory. I just, I don't get it. 
I don't know, I mean, I was lonely as hell, so I tried to see if this would work. 
Ok, sorry.  
No, don't! I'm bored as shit!  
Ok, fine. I'll call you when I land. 
Hello? 
What was that?  
What? Are you ticklish all of a sudden?  
Nothing... I have to go to the bathroom. (gets up and walks away)  
Do bald people have to like shampoo their scalp??? 
I guess it looks like one of those questions nobody will know the answer to.  
It's a rhetorical question. ? 
Why? 
Just turn your monitor around. 
I know it's going to be one of those disgusting sites. 
Get off the phone though. 
Okay, if it's personal you should definitely get off the phone. 
Jake get off the phone. 
It's before six. You're not supposed to be making personal phone calls before six. 
Earth to Jake 
No personal calls before six, that's a rule, and the reason it's a rule is because it annoys people when you talk. 
If he's going to be okay he's going to be okay at six, if he's not okay he's going to be still dead at six. 
Seriously, if you're going to call your sister, go out, do it in the lunch room, on your cell phone- 
Oh I'm sorry are you crying because I disciplined you? Well guess what Jake? This is the real world; there are rules and bosses discipline their employees if they break those rules, right?  
no 
No 
I'm not playing 
No I'm not 
No, I'm not, I have to go to the bathroom. 
AH! Fuck man! What ah What the hell is your problem? 
Ha! It appears as though the mentor has become the mentee [A lot of loose change comes out of Amir's pockets as he gets up] 
You see, what you don't get Jake is, when it comes to keep away the hand is quicker than the eye, Jeff! 
What? 
Listening to DVDs. 
I don't know how to put it in. 
What are you listening to? 
Jake's listening to Bowling for Soup! 
You like Bowling for Soup? 
You were listening to a banner ad for two minutes? You were singing along with it. 
(To Pat) Hey— 
—Jake listens to Bowling for Soup. 
What? 
Are you serious? 
I'm leaving. 
(Trying to imitate his burp) Aaaaahh. 
Uhhhh. 
Not. I can burp. 
You know when you burp and you throw up a little and you can taste it in your mouth? 
(laughs) Look, a taxi cab over there, it look like it's Britney Spears is driving it. It's all over the place. 
(laughs) Did you see the MAD T.V. on Saturday where they made fun of Britney Spears?  
So you're, like dropping- 
Yeah.  
Fuck you. 
I just took the funniest picture of you.  
You're not gonna believe the face you made. (gets up and walks over to Jake)  
There's a lot of pictures, I had no idea.  
(laughs) Sorry, that one's a video.  
There. Right there. You see that? (laughs) You're like (confused) hmm?  
Okay. (points camera toward Jake) Which bathroom?  
Can you do me a favor? 
I need thirty bucks. 
The programmer guys they...they stole my wallet. 
I don't know. Eight days ago. 
I haven't.  
Easy. You go to delis with hot bars, and at the end of the day when they're about to throw them away you say you work for a shelter, they donate it to you, and then you just take- 
Thirty dollars, please! 
Ah, thank you so much.  
Those pricks stole that picture of you.  
Kay. 
That's fair. 
Trust me, I can handle them, I just needed to- 
Can you send me an email just to see if it works? To my Gmail? 
Yes, do send me the data! Oo, the king requests the information to be sent to me, forthwith! Quickly now! 
Quickly. 
Oo, before they see us. 
Oo, the prince comes! He comes and goes, he doesn't know what Michelangelo knows. 
Oh! Oh! Oh! (Picks up a coffee cup) A car! Oo, what hark, the king requests me— 
—drew the information upon your chest! 
Mm, don't you know— 
Sorry. 
You've changed, man. You've changed. 
Ahem. 
Yup. 
It's actually really sharp. 
Woah! (chuckles) I usually don't spend so much money on myself, but... 
It fit really well. 
Yeah, this is mine now. 
Nice, it's mine, though. 
Yeah, so, it's yours now. 
Until... until when is it yours, then? 
Right. 
Oh. When will, when, when will it be mine, now? 
(snaps fingers) If I can clear that chair, it's mine. 
(tries jumping over a chair, falls) Ow! Oh! 
Uh, at least pay me half of what I paid. 
(chuckle) You wonder how they make bubble wrap? (laughs)? 
Oh, hmm, let's see Jake, uh...it couldn't possibly be plastic, so...? 
Uh, it would be ridiculous to think that they take plastic and they melt it down to a thin layer. Oh that's in-that's insane, nobody could figure that out, who'd crack that mystery? H-how do they get the air in there? I don't know, do they...put it in?  
Yeah, well, let's see, it resembles bamboo canes and that nodes are twen-- 
I'm looking at corn. How do you spell bubble wrap? ? 
('free-styling') Ain't it weird when two boys do they just don't know something, so they look it up together, and they become best friends. you and I --? 
New computer huh? 
(With his neck still sideways) Ow. (Standing up so he can see over Jake's monitor) Come on, this is ridiculous, I can't work like  
(Getting up on his desk) One second. 
(Sitting on his desk now) Did I tell you I found the sickest Halloween costumes for us brotha? Check it out. (Pointing to  
(farts) 
Exactly. Listen. It's called the Amir theory. 
You gotta have girls on your radar. You plant seeds, see what grows, right? Sometimes it's a tree, sometimes it's a leaf.  
You guys are talking about frenching. 
(laughs) Good one. Thanks for the advice, man. 
Dropping brown babies off at the pool, why?  
Come on, don't.  
Come on, you gu- (Amir gets kicked in the chin by Jake, waking up in the now empty office. It was all a bizarre dream. It is dark out.)  Brown babies is mine.   
You're it! 
I'm sorry 
Sorry, I feel like a dick. 
Follow my voice 
It's all over your shirt bro. 
Listen I feel really bad, you hit me.  
OW! 
Ugh, It's so hot in here, I don't know how you can handle it. 
I just gotta take of my sweat shirt (He removes his hoodie to show a Jake and Amir 
Scary? Good. Got these made. Pound it brutha (Goes for fist bump and Jake taps his hand with a pen he is holding) Got one for you, so.. 
It's tight as shit, that's why I love it so much 
Yep, who wouldn't look phat in a shirt this tight! 
Small as shit 
Yes 
(laughs) 
Streeter is so retarded. 
I'm Dan, too. 
(knocks headphones off desk) Wow. 
Do they do this in Germany? (tries jumping a blanket, falls) 
Oooh, fuuuuuuu. (trying to get off floor) 
Little help! 
(hits head on cabinet) Huh! Ahhhhh! Fuck! Ow. (speaks in incomprehensible slurs, implying he has brain damage) 
(Coming into view from the side, yelling very loudly) HOLY SHITTTTTT!!!! AAAHHH!!! AAAAAAAHH!!!! AAEEHHHHH!!- (Putting his arm around Jake from behind) I CAN SEE MY HOUSEE!!!!-- 
November-? 
Ninth.  
No shit. 
No shit this is a scarf. (scoffs)  
Well, it's not. There's a difference, OK?  
The difference is that you're too dumb to know the difference, anyway . . . swish. 
Quack, quack.? 
Moooo. 
Watch this. 
Hey Jeff! Jeff! NOBODY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT YOU YOU FUCKING NERD. HA HAA YOU'RE A DUMBASS PIECE OF SHIT, BITCH! 
Shut the fu- 
I didn't know you were going to crash my dinner. 
I live like a ten minute subway ride away, so... 
That was an accident. 
So funny. 
Dinner tonight? Thinkin' 'The D's' (makes a big M with his arms) 
What? 
Have you guys ever played this? 
Um.... Well, if you haven't, let someone else play, ok? 
(chuckles) Oh my god. You got it. 
You're pretty good for a mildly retarded chimpanzee. 
I'm on the left?! I'm on the left! (laughs) I swear she's mental. How do you not know you're on the left or right? 
Red red green green yellow yellow red. No, no, no, no, you're off! You're off! You're off! 
Ugh, it kills me because I'm so good to see someone suck so hard! Ugh! 
Yes, they can hear the song!  
I'll let you do the hammer thing. Ok, good. Good riddance, baby. Watch this.  
Happy Thanksgiving, Brohoom! (chuckles) 
Not much. Woah, you're not wearing a shirt? 
Pretty, pretty chill. One, actually, one second, ok? 
Something is messing up... right... here. (Amir ends Skype) 
(takes shirt off and recalls Jake on Skype) (grunts) Much better. 
I don't know. Dinner tonight?  
Our family, brotha. 
Same difference. Pound it! (puts fist up to screen with JAIK written on his knuckles) 
Hold it up to a mirror or something. 
Can't help that, then. 
(shakes head)? 
I just got the results back.   
The test results. ? 
What?? 
I just took a test, and I got the results back, and I'm a Charlotte. 
I know! I took a Sex in the City thing and it tells you which character you are and I'm a Charlotte. That's the lesbian!? 
Isn't it? Oh. The cute one. (chuckles) That's pretty fly. Actually I'm going to forward you, forward to you the URL, brotha. ? 
Take it. I bet you'll be a (singsong) Carrie.  
No, fuck no- (he runs into Jake, who is just entering) ahh, yeea actually let me call you back in two seconds, bye. (flips his phone shut.) So annoying. Wazzap? 
(blocking Jake from entering) 'Scuse me? Ooh! (laughs). I have to pee again. 
(walking backwards toward the stalls) Meet me in the left stall, cross swords, 3-2-1 BREAK! 
Jake! 
Ahh. Not so fast, comprende. 
Yeah. Send it. (Takes a brownie) 
Come on. 
Oh, am I gonna spoil my lunch, moms? Don't worry, I had ice cream for breakfast. (Stuffing brownies into his mouth) Gimme gimme  smore, gimme smore. Gimme gimme gimme gimme... 
No! and SBFFF! My head just explodes, so sick. 
(in a Bob Dylan voice) -ther round, people, wherever you roam, and admit that the waters around you have grown, and accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone, if the time to you is worth sav-- (mumbles to the tune; Jake takes some Ibuprofen) --or you'll sink like a stone, and the times they are amazing. 
(takes off his headphones) Timestheyareawhat? (trying to do the a loser says 'what' joke) 
Times they are a...mazing? Eheh. 
These were like different times, it was like early to mid eighties so-- 
(continuing the tune) ...dude... 
(continuing the tune) ...Jude. (points at Jake) 
Yes, definitely. 
...dress in black, remember that, just in case we ever face to face and make contact. The title held by me, M.I.B., is what you think you saw, you did not-- 
Sad as.. sad as hell. 
... 
God bless you. (Looks around) I'm the only one? I'm the only one that will say god bless you. 
I said god bless you. Only after I called you out on it, you inconsiderate bitch. 
(Still looking at Jake) Dude, come on! How many times have you sneezed since you got here, bro? 114? This guy hasn't said  
Huh you dumb piece of shit! Why don't you say god bless you now?! 
I'm gonna take him open! 
SAY GOD BLESS YOU NOW! 
SAY GOD BLESS YOU NOW! He's the one being rude, you tell me to chill out?! You chill out! 
Get off of me! Get the fuck off of me! 
What was that about? 
(laughs) Honestly, I'm not even listening. That's how little I give a shit. 
Alright, want some real advice?  
This is what you do. It might come off as a little disgusting, or whatever- 
Ok, eat her pussy. 
Jakes. 
Yeah. 
Not going to that meeting, partner.  
I'm supposed to refresh the homepage over and over, and if it breaks, tell one of the programmers about it, so... 
Yeah, well, I guess they think I'm perfectly qualified for it then, so... 
Jake. Jake. 
(Jumping up and down) Jake! Jake! JAKE! 
(Getting ready to somersault) So stupid... (Somersaults, change falling out of his pockets, his ankle clipping a chair) Ah. Oo.  Oogh! So. (Hops on one leg to Jake) Ahh. Let's do a thing where we walk on one leg for the rest of the week. Pretty chill. 
I will. (Falls down next to Jake) Ahh, actually... Oo, is it hot in here, cause my ankle is swollen. Ahhh. You're my boy, you're  
Oogh. Take off my shoe. (Proffers Jake his wounded leg) 
No. Just take off my shoe, my ankle needs to breathe. [...] 
No I did not, just please take— 
Really? That's weird 
99 brother 
Yeeeesss 
dad's cc [laughs] 
He thinks they are for a gift for my girlfriend 
According to Jim I do 
Er, what size are you? 
Ahhh. QQ. Quick question, brohoob. Uhh, work today 
December 29th. 
Yyes. Of course. 
Ah, no. (laughing) It's Christmas! Ahhh... 
Yeah. I'm at home. 
Yeup. (starts going toward Jake's desk) AAahhh.. UhhOkay. Very sneaky! 
Egh! God that sucks. 
New Year's resolutions, shoot! 
K, mmm, mine's for you to be nicer to me. 
K.  I have another one.  But- 
Stupid, so stupid, heh. It's for me to be more confident, or not, whatever. 
S-I should just do my original resolution, and that's it. 
To lose weight.  That's pretty normal.  I saw a commercial for that. 
One-twelve. 
With shoes! 
(nods his head) What's average? ish? 
Okay.  Close, but no cidah.   
Close, but no sid-cider. 
Swy D R. 
You wonder why I don't have any confidence, or whatev- 
Nothing. 
Jake. 
(coming into view, taking the phone from Jake and talking into it, plugging his nose to make his voice nasal-sounding) Yeah, I don't see the need to--I'm sorry, Jake is at work right now, so he'll have to call you later. 
First of all, don't get on the phone at work, I've already told you that before, I don't want to see you get in trouble, (sarcastically) I'm sorry. Second of all, (begins rapping) winter break is the bomb, all day long, sittin' under the palm. 
...FUCK a cheerleader twice, eat her pom-poms! 
Oh! Oh I'm sorry, so this is about work then. Yeah these are your notes about work. So refine editorial calendar is about work, talk to Amir about demotion or, oh Valentine's Day pics! I guess that's about work too? 
Yeah. *phww* (He makes a swish noise, pretends to throw notepad over his head, then tosses it up and catches it.) 
I'm trying to throw it in the air like it doesn't mean shit to me. 
I don't wanna bend it, these are still your notes. 
(Drops the notepad on the floor behind him.) Bowm! 
(Listing off on his finger to himself) eatin pom-poms.. (starts rapping again, still listing) Sittin' in jacuzzis, peanut butter smoothies... uuhmm... Eatin' lotsa movies, checkin' out the movies... 
Second time was spelled differently. 
Okay.. aah.. I write a freestyle, and it doesn't mean anything-- 
Okay. (starts singing in the tune to Stronger by Kanye West) Every time I make it better, harder stronger faster better-- 
It's called sampling. 
Ok. I can't say it right, cuz then it's illegal. 
Yeup! (knocks phone off table and pushes Jake's head backwards as he gets up) 
Woo! 
Oo, my lord, it's time for the Astronaut Accountants featuring Ace and Jocelyn! 
Basically, we're two astronaut accountants from outer space. You're Ace, good-looking ladies guy— 
—and I'm Jocelyn, your sort of sidekick, a little more cute, but I still get pussy, but not as much as you because I  
(Inspecting a telephone) Oh my gosh! What a find! What are these weird plastic rods? Who am I supposed to call with  
Stick to the script, brotha. Let's cut. Let's— 
I emailed you a script. 
Right before I got here, like 10 seconds ago. 
They can't go anywhere without being together, not even the bathroom. 
(Putting the video camera over the stall door) What's that, Ace? 
Oh my—! 
What the hell are you doing, man? 
Ha ha yeah. You don't see me hanging out with like friends high school giving tours for fun. Right? 
Don't need friends, I have you. You bring your friend up here, I'm gonna beat the shit out of him. That's a guarantee, alright? 
Yeah, I'll be polite. I'll be polite when I kick his ass OUTTA here! He's done dude! 
You're welcome Jake. Whatever. 
What's up man? 
Yeah, what's up bro... 
Yeah, for sho. Uh... this guy's fly. This guy's definitely fly. What are you guys doing tonight? All-around shorties? I know a  phat party. We can go right now. 
(Doing the wave with Josh's arm) Woo! 
I like this guy, you know? I really do. 
Yeah. Yeah. 
Pff... 
What? 
No... I think I was talking about your other friend. 
Nngh! Jake! Awgh... Good luck getting into a phat party without me, you guys. 
[singing] I'm so excited/And I just can't hide it/ I know, I know, I know, I know, I - what are you doing? What is that? 
Ibuprofeen? Yeah right. 
What is this, man? 
Come on, man!  
Come on, man. Ah, I'm not going to fucking lose - this is going to be okay. This is going to be okay. 
Do you feel me breathing? [takes 2 deep breaths] 
Regulate your breathing like mine. [takes another deep breath] 
Come on, man! This - Aw, I know you fucking hate me right now- 
Aw, but it's so worth it to me. This is so fucking what I- 
I will not let you go because you mean WAY too much to me to let go! 
I don't care. I don't FUCKING CARE! 
Aw, goddamn-! 
And I'm Jake. 
Hilarious Jake and Amir video. 
Basically, what we're trying to say is ibuprofen in no joke. 
Two to three a day is enough to kill a baby elephant. 
Okay, if he chokes on the bottle- 
Can't prove that. Let's eat. 
Can I just eat before we get some work done? Because I'll be more productive if I have food in me. 
(Using the phone) I'm gonna order something. 
(Talking into the phone) 911? Yes— 
What? You don't know how hungry I am! It's a fucking emergency dude. 
I'm hungry as shit. 
I'll do it the old fashioned way though, for you. (Talking into the phone) Bonjour, Domino's. 
Uh, yes. Can I have 30 large cheese fromage pizzas— 
Okay. 30 medium pizzas then. 
(To Jake) I'll take the rest for dinner. Don't worry about it. (To Domino's) Uh, yes. That's fine. Uh, charge it to my credit  
The number... 
The number of my credit card is 8. 
What if he believed it? 
30 medium pizzas. 
Jam. 
No bread. 
Just... (takes the phone) Hi. Yeah, I'm sorry. Uh, can I have jam? Tuna fish, cracked pepper, and vinegar, on a chocolate  
And, to drink... just... (To Jake) Do you want anything? 
(To the phone) Uh, just a keg of what Coke is made out of. 
Jake, question. Is it Jake with one 'j'? 
That's it? 
Okay there's an 'a' and a 'k'... slow down! What order is everything in? 
Jake! 
He doesn't want to go to that island with you, you fucking biznatch! 
Heh...what?  
Is your internet down? 
No...it's never down, it's never down on my birthday. 
Why?  Why do you care if it's down?  Are you planning anything?? 
Hah..You better not be planning me a surprise party, dude. 
Alright, if you're planning one then... (hands something to Jake) 
Just, an invitation or whatever.   
So you know it's phat.  You don't know when it ends. 
Double phat.  Nobody knows when it starts, nobody knows when it ends. 
Ahhhhh, c'mon, just give it to me, I'll invite someone. 
You know, I can tape that back together. 
I brought a cake.  Maybe we can put candles in it. 
Okay. 
(Amir tries to hug Jake one-armed while holding the cake in his other hand and smiling) 
(to Everybody) No, no, stop, you guys don't know the half of it.  This guy's a fucking idiot.  Jake, did I say, because this guy, all day long, he was like, there's not gonna be a surprise party.  Uh, nobody gives a shit about you.   One, two, three, about forty people here to prove me right. 
(to Jake) You organized this, that's what I'm talking about, man, thank you very much, why are we even arguing, it's my birthday?  Who are these people, though. 
I know there's a fat guy, or something. 
Okay. 
One two punch. 
Yes, I did. 
(to Jake) Does she have a fiancee? 
(to Diana) Dinner tonight? 
I know...stretching.  (Amir starts stretching.) 
Jake. 
Is it bigger than a baseball bat? 
OK, just tell me if it's larger or smaller than a toaster.  
Yet, when I'm thinking of stuff, you never guess, so how is that..?  
...OK, good point.  
Wait! Dinner tonight. You said you'd consider it.  
OK, fine.  
I think I can survive one night without you, Jake-y, thank you.  
(murmur)  
Hi, Mrs. Hurwitz, I'm so sorry about this. My name is Amir, I'm Jake's best friend, the guy he talks about at work. Um, listen. Jake's going to come here and surprise you for your birthday. 
Yeah. 
Please, just shut up for a second while I explain this. Uh, we're all going to hide in the living room, I'm going to jump out and go 'Surprise!' and it's going to be Jake's favorite day, it's going to be like his birthday but it's going to be also your birthday. Honestly, I'm really sorry about this knob, can we get everyone in the living room at once? Just please, everyone - I know he has brothers and sisters, he talks about them, just come on hide. 
Call him if he's like right here, if he's upstairs, but otherwise if he can't get here in the next 10 seconds; he's coming! All right, everybody, is this everybody? Do you have a cat or a dog? 
All right, is everybody looking happy? 
Trick question, don't fu--ah, don't fucking talk until he gets here, come on, you're going to ruin the surprise.  
Uh, which one is Jake?  
Thank you, next.  
(mouth full) She said I could have it. (to brother) Keep going. Don't stop. Just don't stop until I say so.   
Hey. (mimes throwing a grenade at Diana, as he does with Jake in Weapons.) 
(fake laughs) Don't laugh, cuz if a grenade hit you, would you just like laugh it off? No, you'd go (makes an explosion noise and mimes an explosion with his arms), right? (throws another grenade.) 
(imitating Diana) Not pfff, this isn't a dance, come on, do... 
No. (slightly laughing) God no. I'm sorry. I do the grenade, you do the guns, that's how it works! 
(*in a bad French/Asian accent) Ah yeas, dinnerr, sound very good to me. 
Ok. Um, I pre-ordered myself a 20-piece McNuggets (pronounced McNougets) from McD's (pronounced Mickidees) to go, but if they allow it where you're going I can probably go with you guys-- 
So you guys are going to Wendy's? I mean, they hate that shit when I do that. 
Insane is how-- Insane is how we say ace or awesome. 
Guys, listen, if this is about the 20-piece McNougets, I can get through more than that on the way to Wendy's, trust me, I have, that is not the point. 
(annoyed) UUghhhhh, I was recordinggg, you should never close, if I am recordinggg-- 
(to Diana) Dinner tonight? 
Oh sheesh, amusement park, I am there brotha. 
Why not? 
Okay, number one most of it is waiting in lines, which I love to do. Next. 
What? What are you talking about? 
Guys, listen. You guys are talking about butch league stuff. 
This is what you do of her back. One in the base of her spine. Two through her  shoulderblades. You suspend her towards the roof, counterclockwise. She falls to you clockwise, and you're supine on a raised platform;  when you guys meet, it goes into her like a screwdriver. 
You have to break her legs to get in the hole. 
(Whispering) Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the—FLOOOOORRRR! 
Cannonbaaaaall! 
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry! Did anybody notice that I was late? 
Okay, so no. Perfecto. 
But nobody noticed that I was nay late? 
Okay, please don't turn this into a thing. 
Um... I guess I set my alarm for 8 and I snoozed. I snoozed it until seven chirty [sic], and then I raced here as fast as I  could. 
(Pulls out a McDonald's bag) Pit stop! 
Ah, sheesh, no. But, there is a third-pounder here with your name on it, brotha. 
Okay. 
Um... I was gonna save that for your 18th birthday, b— 
But! Let me finish! (Rushes over to Jake's computer and types on his keyboard for some time) Made us a website. 
(Talking along with Jake) email Jake dot—yeah. Okay. 
Ya brotha. And it's blue, which is pretty much the chillest color for a website. 
Y2K? 
'j' 'a' 'k' 'k' 'e'. Okay yeah. Must have been a fingor [sic] slip. When I— 
Uh, yeah. I—okay. Jake with one 'k'. Now I know that. Going forward. 
Um... I think dot com was taken. 
Yeah. I don't know. Well, I mean, why are you critiquing it? Look, it's pretty much the chillest site devoted to us. 
Counting DVDs, yes sir.  
Whatever three after nine is. What was that? 
I'm interested. In. Buying it. 
Everything is for sale, brotha. What say you to twenty? 
Wait wait wait wait wait! Forty.  
Eighty. 
I only have five twenties.  
I stopped listening to you after you said I had a nice hairdo. 
(hops away, trips on chair) 
(hops toward a group playing Rock Band) 
(laughs) I know, it's so stupid. I was making fun of some homo who I saw on the subway. Quick question. Does anyone have a hundred bucks I can borrow?  
(laughs) Yeah, right. I'll see y'all later. (running away) Jake! 
(trying to clap along) I like this beat. 
Whooh! Except for most people. 
I like the beginning of that song, but I can nay promise the end of it. 
I'll see you tomorrow.  
As am I. 
Last time I checked, you were going with your friends, your cousin Diana, and your cousin Diana's date; me, Amir. Blumenfeld. Blumenfeld is my- Blumenfeld is my last name, FYE.  
For your advice.  
You know, if you're gonna keep this up, I don't even think I should go to Florida.  
(slaps Jake) We're even. 
(slaps Jake again) Mph, I don't want to have to do that again. 
I just, if I ate any more than three my stomach would start to hurt. 
Can I ask you a personal question? 
I don't think we should go to Florida.  
It's just, if we're going for the sandwiches, my uncle owns a deli and he can hook us up royal if we stay in New York.  
My cousin works for a Subway. 
That's true. I just, truth is I'm afraid of flying. I've never been on an airplane before. 
You're right. We can get through this together. (tries to hug Jake) 
(on plane) Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god- 
There's always something you can do. 
(yelling) There's a fucking bomb on the plane, everybody hit the fucking floor now!  
We should just take a train, man.  
Yeah. (throws piece at table) I don't know how puzzles work.  
Yeah. 
12 
5 
Yikes!  
You got some color.  
Well, I mean red is technically a color. Besides, this might be one of those good problems to have.  
I'm listening.  
You know, Diana told me to stick up for myself against you.  
whoa one piece 
Not there 
ahaa sheeshcobumps  
you guys crazy shit just went down. Two robbers came in, three robbers actually two of them had guns, demanded I destroy the puzzle or everyone here got it. Easy choice for me. I'm not a hero or whatever. Umm (shifts uncomfortably) who's sleeping where tonight? 
Ahhh, just give me that to me. It's so annoying watching you fumble with that bag. I can open it in a second. 
Give it to me or I'm going to ARGHHH- 
Hizzzonkey  
Watch un larn. 
Yeesh. Crumbs. Let's just agra to disagra.  
Isn't it shocking that. 
Isn't it... 
Two in the pussy and the pinky is in the asshole.  
You rang? 
Muhmuhmuh my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard- 
Uhh. I'm playing Snood. 
Releex. 
Oh. no. 
Is it? 
Well you don't tell me so I figged I would ask Goog. I'm sorry. 
Dot com.  
Nice reading Einsteen. 
Like you know. 
The website where you step on it- 
-and it tells you how much you weigh. 
Thank- 
Alright. Thank you. 
You know this is more embarrassing for you than it is for me. 
Okay, number two, I will get out of here, right away if you answer me this- 
Uh.  
Double or nothing. 
Nevermind. 
Keep it! 
DON'T! Keep it on your desk for thirty dollars. 
DEAL! 
SORRY! 
I KNOW! JAKE! 
Dot com. 
Nice reading dipshit. 
Whoa, what is that? Tell me right now. 
No shit Sherlock, what kind? 
Incorrect. You're supposed to keep digging Watson. Continue. 
Ooh. 
Mustard. 
Provolone, my favesies.  
Pizza. 
Ooh, I'm sorry brotha.  
That is mine, that is definitely my sandwich.  
No questions asked. 
Listen, ask anybody in here that knows me, they'll tell you zat one is definitely my sandwich. 
It shouldn't even come to this.  
(Laughs) I mean, this is insane! It's so-- 
It's clear to me whose sandwich it belongs to. 
I wasn't even going to do this, but I will trade you my food for yours.  
Oh, really? Okay, so sprinkles, frosting. Choose ONE! But not both. 
Okay, good, 'cause these are gonna go great on my sandwich. 
Jake, listen to me. Joking aside, I need that sandwich. I haven't eaten in several days. Just, please, I'm begging you.  
(Laughs) Oh it appears as if the prankee has become the pranker. I have eaten in the last few days, and you know what? You ain't gettin' that sandwich back. 
W-w-w-w-wait! I'll sell it to you for a joke. 
What's the difference between procrastination and masturbation? 
You're fucking yourself over.  
Both times. 
Jake. Did you get my email? My article idea? 
Terribly bad, maybe. 
Wha 'eva. 
Shouldn't keep working this hard, man. 
You needed a break. 
Put sleeping pills in your coffee. 
I put it in your water too 
I don't know. Are you okay? 
Listen, sorry I've been acting weird for the past couple years. I'm gonna stop all that now. 
No problemo. Hah, I'm just kidding. 
Are you okay? 
Woah, are you sweating? 
You're like, really wet dude. 
(Whispering) I don't know. 
Question.  
Nn..mm..kind of.  
How the FUCK could you get a haircut?  
I mean...are you surprised with how I'm reacting to this? 
This is--this is--this is normal for me, right? This is normal for me? 
No. ...No, I'm not angry. (shrugs) I'm not angry at all. I'm fucking livid!  
I don't know, I mean, psh, does the phrase matching haircut club mean anything to you?  
No. Eh, eh, eh, eh, (almost a coughing noise, with a head tilt each time)  
Eh, eh. No, you know what? Yeah, I'm okay. This is good. This is good--now I know.  
Piggy front.  
Piggy front. Right now. (jumps on top of Jake) 
We're even.  
BUT, you have to take me to Supercuts after work because I'm saying that I want this exact length-- 
Na na na na na! 
Hey! What strange and foreign planet are we on today, Ace? 
(Reaching towards Jake's pants) Oo, what crazy denim pants are these? Go on and strut them for the camera! Go on and  
Good thinking my co-astronaut accountant. We can cover more ground that way; unfortunately, I would never leave you. So,  
Sure thing Ace. Sure thing. 
—chill dude— 
I always do. 
Next week on Ace and Jocelyn 
—ns to record. It's not that hard! Just—okay. 
Do you have my whole body? Turn it sideways. (The camera turns sideways) Put it sideways. (Strikes a pose) Sure thing  
No way, no way, Jurassic Prak 2 was so underrated. 
Not true, Jeff Goldblum was in it, which is great. And the special effects were phenomenal for the time. 
Um, the part where the T hyphen rex attacks San Diego. 
Defiantly. 
Shti. Shit. Oops. Sorry. Phone's ringing. Burb. BRB.. It's my step brother, I need to take this. Stop talking. You're an idiot.  I'm an idiot. Amir Blumenfeld is an idiot. 
Amir said he'd pay me $1453. No, I didn't I said $1553. 
Patrick you fucked me on this. No I didn't. Any retard would have stopped reading this by now. You're still reading. This is  insane. Patrick stop. I'm still reading this, like an idiot. I'm the biggest idiot in the world. Patrick stop it. Jake will never be  friends with me. Jake will never like me. Jake will never like me. 
C. H. Patrick has logged off. 
(Laughing) I'm just kidding. Not that you'd even care if I tried to kill me. Would you? 
Okay. Let's start from the ze-top. Filling out our men's basketball bracket. I'll start. Division I Men's Bracket Opening Round Game vs. March 18th. Who ya got? 
16 - 1 already. So, once you're up 20, there's no going back. I'd be a fool to go for North Carolina in this situation. M T S T Mary, thank you. 
Okay. Not gonna change my pick. 
(Covering his bracket) Don't cheat. 
What'd you get for Indiana? 
Me too. (Amir scribbles something) 
How can you tell? 
Because the pearly white teeth. 
Moving on. By U vs. Texas A (Jake mouths BYU) and M. So it's two teams against one, it would be a sucker's bet to go for anybody but these Texas teams. 
Texas A or M? Okay, you can't (laughs) have them both, okay. So, I'll take Baylor and Perda over Zav-. How do you - when a word starts with an x, what is that? 
You smell super good today by the way bro. 
What?! 
St. Mary's and then also Mount St. Mary's. So, this bracket's already busted, right? So. Let me tear it and we'll start it from there. (Amir begins tearing his bracket) 
Okay, that's fine. I'll just tape it back together. It's not the first time I made that mistake. 
What. Barely. 
Oral Roberts (Laughs) What is that - Is that team about having butt sex with each other? 
Baylor, straight to da final tree. 
Not when you're that good. From way downtown. (Throws pen across room like a basketball) Ah sheesh, can I borrow your pen? 
From way downtown. (Throws pen across the room like a basketball again) 
We should write a movie about two guys that predict scores. 
Texas versus Austin P. Ooo I like Austin P. (does an Austin Powers impression) in the final four baby, yeah! 
(Still doing Austin Powers impression) Oh does that prediction make you horny? 
Same th- Same thing. 
Um, nay. But, I have a feeling Mr. Hamilton (takes out $5 bill) will persuade the bracket masta. 
Lightning round! UCLA! (Amir is scribbling something) 
Or whatever. 
San Diego. (Draws something and looks at Jake) 
That's a chill bolt. 
Oral Roberts. 
Alright, this is taking way too long. (To Jake) We got dinner to go to. 
Finals. San Antonio vs. who? 
Alright. (Amir writes something and looks at Jake) 
Sorry. I thought that's where we put our name. 
It's our name. 
Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wait. Just tell me- How do you pronounce this 
West Vir - There's a West Virginia? 
Jakey, Jakey.  Question 
I don't think you understand what I meant.  Follow my lead. 
L-L-L-L-LISTEN UP, MAGGOTS! 
WE DON'T NEED TO START THINKING!  YOU NEED TO START THINKING!  Jake... 
AH I BEYEYET DID ANYONE EVEN ASK YOU TO TALK, BRO?  ARE YOU SERIOUSLY FUCKING LOOKING AT ME??  ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY, ESE? 
JAKE, DON'T FUCKING SAY HIS NAME!  DON'T YOU SAY HIS GOD DAMN NAME! 
It's NOT fine.  I forget.  Jake, what do we do to cute little stupid interns that keep saying your first name. 
(scoff sound) Bad joke.  There's only one bad joke I see -  
-and it's this cute little blond number.  
(to blond intern) You're fucking beautiful, you know that? 
(to intern with hammer) Break my hand.  Come on, break it.  Right now. 
ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY? 
Ye-ah, don-you know, don't even bother going, cuz I'll fucking take you there. 
LET ME KILL HIM!!  LET ME FUCKING KILL THE ASSHOLE!! 
Jake.  Want to know what the weirdest part of that meeting was? 
I was the GOOD cop. 
Apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple, apple! 
Don't fucking talk! That's rule number one, you dumb-ass Irish piece of shit! 
Okay, great. My turn.  
Question número uno 
Jeff, how about don't fuck me on this for once? 
The category is topics, and the topic is movies. 
(sighs) No joke... (covers mouth) sorry. No joke guesses though. 
Star... ?! You fucking see any star? I mean, I'm sorry I'm not supposed to say anything but... please, are you...? Jake, can you, tell him what it is. 
Thank you! 
Same wavelength. 
Also that. 
I mean, would, would Michelangelo draw anything after the Mona Lisa? 
Okay, number one my bum is on the Swedish, number three: I keep on banging this marker against the board because Jeff is such an idiot that we have to get a new one. I'll be back (throws marker). Jake, you wanna come with me and get a new one? 
I'll be back. 
[eating and laughing stupidly] 
B-b-b-b-b-bomb threat 
[singing] Bomb threat, bomb threat, bomb threat, bomb... bomb threat 
Maybe you should check your email, I believe you have something from an anonymous stranger about a bomb in ze build-ong 
[mouthful of crisps] Same thing 
Well, now that you're here, you have no choice but to go get frozen yogurts with me 
Next Choice 
I mean relax, we're here. Nobody else is, we could do anything we want; haven't you ever wanted to work naked? 
[cut to Amir naked at his desk] Okay, me neither 
Jake, what is your favorite type of banana and where-- 
Where are you going? 
OK . . . I'm coming with you. 
Something was very fishy about that and I intend to find out. 
Uh, yes. One second. 
Stairway to heaven, Jake-y?  
You JetBlue it.  
Get out of the way!  
Let's see what's behind the door! (alarm goes off) I am so sorry, I think I messed up.  
Jake is going to flip his shiatsu when he realizes that I am his April Fool's present.  Uh, I'm going to try and get a good look at him when I walk by, hopefully he's asleep or something.  
Aww, here he comes! (laughs) Let's see how long until he notices me. (laughing) Oh my god, oh this is so good! Look at this, look at this. Welcome to wherever we are, brotha. Oh my god. Happy April Fools Day. Jake, it's me. I haven't seen this much happiness since me, right now.  
Let me answer your question with another question. What's LA?  
What stuff? What are you talking about?  
With you? I don't know. 
Whoa! Ha! Your aunt is really nice.  
OK. She wanted me to sleep in a different room. 
(scoffs) 
How about - no. 
Double no. And now I'm pissed at you.  
(laughs) Jake. 
I yelled at your aunt. It's 6 
Whatevah. 
What are you doing? You're on vacation! (chuckles) While we're out here, I ain't shaving, I ain't showering and I sure as hell ain't brushing. I might not even take a shit.  (high pitched) For real.  
Get the fuck away from that...water thing, I'm serious.  
By the way, Ricky is pi-ossed. He called me earlier and he was like, 'where the fuck are you, dude?'.  (chuckles) 
What? 
Hey, where are we going now? 
OK, let me drive there.  
OK, let me drive there right now, or I'm going to go back inside and fuc-- 
OK, what is 'R'? (car moves, Amir laughs) Whoa, oh my god, did you feel that?  
STOP RECORDING, PLEASE, JUST TAKE THE WHEEL, I DON'T KN-I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS ANYMORE, THIS SUCKS!  
(lets go of wheel and shakes fists, yelling over Jake) I want to go home! I want to go home!   
(takes wheel again) OK, well, chill. Now you're making me nervous. 
Jake, whoa! (takes wheel) Ah, watch- help me out, a little.  
(chuckles) Jake, it's like that episode of Seinfeld! 
(laughs) With the jerking off, it's everyone's favorite episode. 
I already told you, I gave it to a valet, let's just relax. 
Ok, sheesh. Uh, relax, he was wearing jeans. He was super excited when I gave him the keys.  
One second. What color is it? White? 
Jake, idea!  
No, better. I'm going to lay on the floor and you jump over me and I'll do it in slow motion.  It's going to look sick nasty!  
(whining) What are we doing? It's late!  
It's late-thirty.  
What's that? 
Your friends better not be ass-tards. 
Jake. 
Unless I have a question, which, I do...and that is...did you get play this weekend?   
Boom.  Straight up.  I'm not gonna sugarcoat it.  I respect you too much...for that. 
Did you get it?  That.  Jake.  What?  Yeah. 
Okay, new rule for you, no talking to me, unless....you want to. 
Or, okay, new rule...unless, even if you don't want to, I get 3 begs a day. 
Wow.  Sorry.  Sorry you don't get with fine chicks.  That's not my problem, though. 
Oh, THAT'S my problem. 
Nerd, right?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a nerd?  I'm a ner-hahahahahaha 
Would a nerd get oh, i don't know, a 1.26 gpa in college? 
3 D pluses and an F.  Every trimester.   Like clocks... 
...work.  Ask any one of my professors.  I didn't study for one exam, one quiz -  
Pathetic, maybe.  But why don't you call me a nerd? 
Call me a nerd one more time. 
Louder. 
You'll do ANYTHING I fucking tell you to do, won't you? (Amir makes a kissing motion) 
Sorry. 
Welcome to episode 3 of Ace and Jocelyn - Astronaut Accountants from Outer Space! 
We're here alone in the...space office, and I have a feeling Ace will be back, because you can't get very far without your space wallet, or ... more specifically, his space Subway card. Now it's just a matter of time, co-space cowboys - (gasp) in fact. Here he is right now! Ace! (trips and falls, drops camera which is facing him on floor) Ahh! Oww, Ace! You really got to help me out man, I really hurt my knee. (moans) 
Yes, but it's-it's space blood, so it hurts extra a lot.  
Ugh, I found your wallet, it was in the Zorlap Sky. Ugh, the gravity here is so strong. 
I don't normally fall.  
Ace, what's wrong? 
You're acting weird. Did somebody hit you with an amnesia gun, Ace? Please, help me up. 
Turn the camera off first. 
Turn-I don't know how to edit.  Turn it off. 
I wish that were true. 
I'm in a lot of pain, Jake. Help me up.  
I can't straighten my leg...(looks at camera) Thank you, Ace. (Jake drops him) Oww!! 
AH! It stings! It stings! 
You're right, Ace. I should be brave.  
AHHHH-- 
I'm still here. 
What kind of quiz is it? 
(laughs) Oh wow, me and Jake took a quiz once... 
...and it told us which Sex in the City's character we were.  So don't think you're special or unique. 
Ten times a day. 
Oh, I thought you said how much do you eat every day and that Vegetables was your nickname for me. 
Well is barbeque sauce a fruit, cause it's red and... 
What, er... 
Alright, what about fries?  Er, that's a potato, er, er apples?  Or ketchup! 
Eh, okay.  Still zero then. 
Thank you soul mate.  
...Sparingly. 
All day, every day, every hour, got a chicken nugget in my pocket gotta put it in my mouth. 
Hey, anyway, what's it say?  How long do I got?  Sixty years?  Two hundred years? 
Three hundred years? 
Living on borrowed time.  Pretty chill, pretty poetic. 
I do watch.  I watch it go...in my mouth! 
Whateva. 
Five minute rule. 
What? It's like 4 
Consistent. 
Why would I be fired? 
(laughing and standing up) What's that? 
(to Jake) Hey, butt the fuck out of this. (to Ricky) What did you say to my man over here? 
Yeah, I read all of his articles. 
(to Jake) One... second. (to Ricky) When was the last time you wrote anything for CollegeHumor, man? 
Do you even write anymore? 
Chill out. (laughs) Chill out he tells me. (slaps Ricky) 
We discussed the matter in his office and resolved the issue like two mature... adults. 
(sobbing, on his knees, in Ricky's office) Just one more chance, I'm begging your, you can't fire me! (Amir continues sobbing) 
(still sobbing) I don't care! 
(still sobbing) One more chance, (simultaneously) please, I beg you. 
(still sobbing) Two. Two more chances, (simultaneously) and then I'm done, I swear. 
You're a fucking pushover, you know that? 
Jake 
(fart noise) Twinsies or whateva  
Lasik brotha  
Yea it means you don't have to wear glasses anymore.  Ooh Amir got one right 
Yea and my reason is I dont want to look like a math nerd anymore. Whats the  
18 
18 chicken fingers everyday, every hour 
5  
O my God, yes. 
Ah God, does it hurt? 
So much. 
Not my eyes! My cute little eyes. They're so brown like a puppy 
Fine, but you owe me a dinner. 
Ok you're right I owe you a dinner, but you're paying. 
One 
Jake! 
Two answers 
I mean, what do you mean how? 
That's stupid, like I don't know your socks. 
I thought you said 'meet me in the bathroom.' 
Anywho, what's taking so long? 
All I'm saying is when I do it, it comes out like a rocket. One and done. Three wipes, eh eh eh, no matter what. 
Still smells like roses in here. Is that you? 
Whoa! What color is that shirt? Tell me right now. 
You don't have to say anything, just tell me what color it is, please.  
Purple or gray? 
All right, I'm going to write down purple-gray; which is what I wrote down when you wore it 5 days ago! Little too soon to be wearing the same polo, isn't it, Jakey-boy? 
Hey, Vinny! (eye roll)  
Yeah, I don't know either, why you're asking him and not me, because I'm the guy who gets shit done around here. ? 
What do you need? 
For sure.? 
Yeah, cube-? 
The cuber the better.? 
Yes.? 
I know, pull focus. They'll pull it as hard as you want. 
That's fine, yeah, I have the guy, that's good.? 
His name is Vinny, like you, and his last name is Jake. 
Like- Yes, right. Vinny Jake. ? 
Yeaahh, it's a coincivince.? 
Uh, he'll call you, how about that? He'll fucking call you. So great. Problem solved! You can leave! ? 
(with lips) Pah. Pah. Pah. Buh-bye. B-bye, roll away faster next time, when someone does you a favor, right? 
Wha? 
It doesn't matter. (laughs)? 
Well now he respects me.? 
That's 24 hours longer than he'll respect you, so.  
(sigh) I don't even know why we're making a big deal of this and not talking about what type of JEANS YOU'RE WEARING RIGHT NOW!!  
LOL, you know what I hate?? 
Paying at the pump. ? 
And Americans are doing it in record numbers. ? 
What? Like, instead of cash, you pay...you pump it, or whatever.? 
Diana, your cousin and my fiance.? 
What?! What did she say to you? I'm not ready to be a dad!? 
Oh! (laughs) I don't know what th-I don't know what that means. Anyway, she's coming over soon for our hot date, and we may look very tired so don't mention anything, just ignore us. ? 
OK, let me finish. We look tired because (high pitched) we were up all night.  
(singing) All night long.  
Jake. We were basically all night holding each other. I'm her cuddle buddy, it's stupid.  
All right, now shut the fuck up, I think I hear her! Remember, just to recap, we're in love and I don't steal coins from other people's desks.  
They should call me Mario, I jack so many coin-o's.  
That's no coin-o's, that's no coin-o's. ? 
Debatable--oh--? 
Hey! My princess Diana, you're more alive than she'll ever be. (attempts to kiss her cheek) Still made contact, you saw that. ? 
All right, I'm going to go get changed, you guys talk amongst yourselves. ? 
(whispers to Jake) Be nice!  
...OWW!!? 
Jake.? 
Where is she? (nervous chuckle) 
What happened?? 
(puts on penguin hood) What about? 
Where is she? (nervous chuckle)? 
What happened? 
(puts on penguin hood) What about? 
If this is about me, wearing your high school retainer, I did it as a joke...wow! You don't even wear it anymore! ? 
(chuckles) 
Why wouldn't she do it herself? 
I can't believe this. I mean, you read plays, you see commercials, you never think it's going to happen to you.  ? 
Nobody should ever outlive a relationship with somebody else, especially her.? 
Can I be serious with you for a second? ? 
I thought she was the one.  
I'm sure she was. 
What do you mean? 
The one, whatever. The one...well I don't know, you just say it. You just say it and the girl smiles and kisses you on the cheek...(whines) OH GOD THIS SUCKS!  
No. 
I don't feel like it.  
Well which McDonalds? 
Ugh, god, a dry McNugget, huh?! A dry McNugget! As if my day wasn't going bad!? 
It's fine. Ugh! Sweet and sour first! Sweet and sour first! ? 
There's a difference.  
Thank you for doing this today, and every day for the rest of the year, as you promised! 
Tell me where Ace is, quick - before I destroy you. 
Oh goddamnit, just fucking sa- just say where Jake is. 
Ooh wow. That wasn't too hard, was it Earth nerd? You're lucky this camera is on, honestly.  
They say you are what you eat, but in space that... but that... isn't always it... that's... ahh whatever I'm not redoing this. 
Woah, what's that? Are you sure you should be eating those space doritos? 
Ooh I don't know if they are, they might be - poison! 
Trust me Ace, let's go to 
Oh my, what's wrong Ace? Someone poisoned you! We'll find that demon, Ace. 
If it's the last thing I do, I'll find them. I'll find the person that made you sick. 
There are no hospitals in the future, Ace.  
Or whatever it is we'll find it. 
OH MY GOD hey come back here with my -  
Coming in for a landing.  
Ace. I think I figured out what the problemo was.  
Half a bottle of Visine.  
Oooh and then another bottle of Visine.  
Oh God. Please. But I'm sure whoever did it feels like Shiatzu, so you don't have to make them feel any worse. Whoever it is, I'll find them, that's for sure. We're still best friends right?  
ALWAYS.  
OK fine, but I must warn you 
Fine, chill out you're such a baby. 
She's answering. My friend is an astronaut so -  
Oh my... what the fuck is your problem? What did I do to deserve tha- 
(sings a tune) Jake, by the way, you know how much I hate exercising but we are running (beat) out of toilet paper. Just looking out for your best interest. (high pitched) Best roommate ever! (slaps Jake)  Any Hootie and the Blowfish, talked to the two dike-o's across the hall, may want to make nice with them, they did not appreciate me calling them lesbos to their face. Also, we are running, not dangerously low, but pretty low on nuugs, so you'll want to get that taken care of too.  ?What else? Uh, right, mattresses. Cancelled your queenie because it was nay bunkable and that's sort of the deal breaker for me; got us two twinsies instead.  What are your thoughts of race-car beds, I hope positive, because (high pitched) I already bought them. ?  What else? Wi-fi situation: what does that mean? It seems really important and a lot of people are talking about it. We should probably get on that, ASAP.?  What else, what else, what else, what else . . . oh! If you're wondering how strong the mirror is in the bathroom: not stronger than my elbow, not strong than my elbow, hoo! (laughs) You don't care. ?Oh my god, no more of those, let's celebrate. I'm going to get more. ?(flashes Jake) 
What else, what else, what else, what else, what else? BRB, and can you clean this for me, it's dirty as shiatsu . . . (high pitched) Thank you!  
Jake.? 
Truth or dare? 
Who would you most want to meet and... Jake.  
Why? 
Name. 
John, that's beautiful. Next question 
Why would I answer your questions, if you won't even answer mine?   
All right, basically everyone's here because they replied to the Craig's List ad, right?  Here's the situation. I have a best friend named Jake. How are we going to get him to admit that I'm his best friend in front of other people? You know? Taking the next step.   
(sighs) Where's our $50, where's our $50? I knew you'd bring that up!  
I don't know, chilled with some peeps. I-I met some new dudes or whatever.  
Pshh, favorite music. (high pitched) Easy! Jake?  
It's easy because I'm asking you and we have the same tastes but you have to  spell it for me. 
Slow down, slow down-  
Slow down, slow down- 
Slow down, slow down-  
That's how you spell your name. 
Movies, television, books. In order, go.   
All right. Clicking submit. Myspace profile made. Time to meet some babe magnets.  
Or lesbians.  
Boom! All right everybody emergency meeting. Listen up! Myspace.com/amirjake open for business, add me as a friend or you're gay.   
Nothing right? 
I'm going home. I'm going home then. 
I know... 
I SAID I KNOW!  
(shrugs.) I think I'm pwahning. 
P- Pwning, yeah. Wa'eva. I'm frenchfryboy83! (points at the leaderboard) 
Am I? 
Well I mean, work ends at six, right? And then, we don't start again 'til nine, so that's like twenty hours. 
(pointing at Jeff) Alright, Jake, what's nerdburger doing here? 
I'm sorry, did I offend you, nerdburger? 
Nugget! 
(taking what he didn't bite off out of his mouth) Ugh, when I say nugget, I mean three, with ketchup in between every layer. 
You can't buy friendship like this, boys! 
Nugget! 
Agh. (with his mouth full) Jake! 
(with his mouth full) Wa'eva. 
Nope. Just me.  
What? I switched our names in your phonebook so that when I called, you'd pick up.  
Wow, Jakey, almost midnight, you're still awake?  
Yeah, well, I stay up every night until 5, so. (high pitched) Whateva! 
Stupid. I'm just wearing frozen turkey meatballs on my finger because I injured it. 
Wait! Aren't you going to ask why? 
'Cause I injured it.  
I mean, athletes do it all the time.  What's the big deal? It's called 'Athletes do it'.  
All the time. 
Ugh, what happens when you hang up? 
Right, so. 
Ugh, if you do that, then I have to get to work early tomorrow and rearrange all the folders on your computer and it takes you forever to find everything; why don't we just talk like normal people and we'll end the conversation naturally, with both of us still falling asleep but on the phone. What's the big deal? 
...(laughs) No, I thought you were serious.  
What do you want to talk about? Oh! I learned how to yell extra loud today. The trick is not to stop when you feel a burning sensation in your throat, ready? . . . Jake.  
Is Larry Byrd still on this team? (everyone laughs) 
Alright, one of you, getting up right now. Redhead or blondie. We're lookin' at you, little orphan Annie! 
Ah, I shouldn't have to read your IMs to see where you're hanging out after work, should I?  
Whoa, Celtics, Peestons--my favesies. (now reading from a piece of paper) The Celtics practice-(indiscernible words)-on Wednesday. So that's pretty chill. 
Technical! (pointing at the screen, getting his arm in Jake's face) 
(to BLONDIE, in a patronizing tone) Sweetie, you wanna get me a beer-beer? You wanna get me a beer? Sweetheart, the boys are watching basketball. 
Does anyone want any of this? (opens Chicken McNuggets box) 
(mocking his tone) "Uhh, what is it?" It's food, you stupid sand nigger-- 
(to BLONDIE, in a patronizing tone) They boys are watching basketball. Wanna get me a beer? Are you tired? Is that what the issue is? Are you tired? You wanna take a nap?  
What, you guys don't read SportsCenter? (reading from the same piece of paper as before) "It's good to be in this position, said Ray Allen, where I'm not gonna let it affect the re-- JAKE: (grabs the paper) What is that? AMIR: Stop! It's a receipt! For a newspaper.  
(loudly, making the "time out" sign to the TV) T EM UP!  
Oh, do you guys have Jock Jams? (grabs Jake's beer and using it as a microphone) I said a boom, boom, boooom, now lemme hear ya say way-o. (holds the "mic" at the others, who don't respond) 
Nobody wants a chicken nugget. Nobody's gonna eat a single chicken nugget while I'm here, right? 
Okay, great, there's a McDonald's three blocks east of here. Go there and pay for this; I told them someone was coming back.  
(making the "time out" sign again) OH COME ON, THAT'S A TECHNICAL!  
Technically! Yes! Is all I'm saying! Wow! 
(singing into the beer bottle) I said a boom boom booom, now let my brotha say way-o. (holds the "mic" at the others, who don't respond) Wow, you guys are terrible. 
Does anybody here have any gum?  
No! 
(reacting to the TV) Ohh, swish from half-court! I was close! I'm down three hundred eighty dollars and I've never had this much fun.  
(singing into the "mic") Girl, yo booty is so round, Lemme lick it up and down, If I cannot be with you, Let me at least have a taste, If (fumbles lyrics), And you wanna eat my face. (Jake breaks, then all laugh) 
Stupid. 
(High pitched voice) Check your IM box! 
Noooo... haha, don't.  
Uh yes, he's very excited to see you too.  Yeah, he'll be right downstairs. Okay, he'll see you soon, bye.  
Uhhh...I have to go...away...uh, cover for me for now. 
Thank you. 
Mallory!   
Jake's ex-girlfriend? 
No, I said that as a joke to get you over here.  
No, Jake's not coming. I was kidding. He doesn't still love you. Get over it.  
Wait! You know Jake better than anyone else in the world other than me. What does one have to do to become better friends with him knowing full well that we're already best friends?  
Interesting... 
Whew, Is it cold? And distant in here, right?  
No dinner tonight. By the way, no dinner tonight.  
I don't want to eat dinner with you tonight. 
No... 
Ergh! The D -- Definitely not interested.  
Thanks... 
But no thanks. 
Auuughh! Why? Why would I want to do do that? Why would I want to go to a chicken nugget festival with you? That sounds terrible. 
(Hops around Jake) Or whatever. 
I'm leaving right now.  Lets just shop together for a few hours. Wow! 
(Holding up a red polo, while also wearing a red polo) Jake. Gay. 
(Looking through a pile of women's orange sweaters) Gay. Gay. 
You have to think about what it would look like if both of us were wearing one. 
(Puts his arm around Jake) Whatever. 
So that's $900 for both of us. Let do it. 
Security is going to be, pretty pissed. 
(Pulls sandal out of sweater) Oh I dunno. 
Yes. But. 
I dunno Jake, it's called calling your Dad and telling him your girlfriend is in the hospital so you have to send her a gift. I mean, you're 23 years old... 
(Kisses Jake on the cheek) ...figure it out. 
You owe me dinner! 
What do you have to complain about? Your job's so easy. 
Jake! 
(squeezing Pat's head agaist his own shoulder) He does! (walking inside) Is this shit BYO-Noug? Cuz I did nay! (falsetto) 
Jake, thoughts on leaving, right now. 
WITH, me. 
(slamming Pat's arm up against the wall) Cassels why don't you get us a drink! 
I don't know, this.. yellow cranberry juice, just please! (Pat walks to get a drink) Bye! We're having a-- 
--conversation. 
OUHHHG! That's the girl from your computerrrrrrrrr-- 
Maybe she's deaf! 
Lemme go over there and talk to her, I think I can hook you up--royal. 
God. Lemme just talk to her for thirty seconds, guaranteed you guys'll be frenching by the end of the month. 
(exhales.) You won't regret this. 
Hi. (small laugh) 
Ah, don't bother flirting with me, this isn't about that. 
Rosie, can you actually give us twenty, or thirty minutes, or, just leave entirely? 
Um, I think my friend has a little bit of a crush on you. 
Uh, the guy in the red. (points to Jake, who waves at Amir and the woman as they look over.) 
Yeah. 
You think so? 
I'm gonna bring him over here, and maybe you guys can talk. 
(about to call Jake over, but hesitates) Uhh, Oh! I totally forgot to tell you, he's so funny. 
Yeah. 
(laughing) He's so nice and funny. Uh, today-- it's stupid, I'll oer-- 
(laughing) Today, we were looking at your Facebook profile on his computer, 
...and he was humping the monitor and high fiveing people and cracking up (laughs) 
(laughing) You think so? 
(laughing) Oh, lemme think of other jokes he did. Uhh he-- Oh! He printed out your face super big, and he cut a hole over the mouth, and he started humping it,--(cut to Jake and Pat)--(Amir is air humping) and then he cut a hole over the eye, and he was humping that too-- 
--Going around the office like a cowboy, huh? Still high fiveing people. (laughing) Oh my god.. 
(waving his hand in front of the woman's face) Can you see, by the way? 
Yeah! why--... 
He sad he'd fuck you blind. (laughing) It's so weird that you can still see--... (the woman looks away, disgusted) We should really go talk to him beca-- 
--Hey-- 
--Ok. You want me to lead you there?-- (he holds his elbow out, and they link arms and walk over to Jake and Pat) 
(laughing) Ha! Cuz you're blind.. 
(to the woman, introducing her to Jake) Uh, you know my friend Jake, right? 
..Woww... That was awesome... (hugs Jake around the neck with one arm) MY BOY'S GETTIN FRENCHED TONIGHT! 
Alright it's been five minutes, c'mon let me just call him ernonono here, you text him and then I'll text him and then we'll figure ou-- you're not- so you're not even a little bit concerned, he went to the bathroom over f--  
aahh, hey! 
uh.. hahahah, Rosie was telling me a joke about how I can dunk.. it's (silly voice) nuts! 
(silly voice) It's nutso! 
(laughing) I love those sh- I love that shit! 
(laughing) hahyeah they're crazy! 
(still with a large smile) Yeah. It's so.. I've done that. It's like-- 
Yeah, you piss and then it's like, what the?! 
Yeah it's like you're pouring a highlighter marker down the toilet. 
Yep. Like.. you slide it on like a glove, right? I was gonna say that. 
Uhhhh 
Well the.. I think pissing blue counts. For the crazy thing. (clears throat) 
D-- So no-- the glove thing, and the-- one time, I... yeah I don't know. What? 
Oh. (laughs). One time when I was a kid, I went ca-- 
Whoa! (chuckles) That was super scary. What happened?  
(sigh) Whoa-oh! 
We're fine! 
Just go back to sleep, please.  
Why are you trying to embarrass me?  
No, we're not!  
You know it wouldn't surprise me if we were in here for the next three weeks.   
We should play a car game to pass the time. Let's look for out of state license plates. . . . ow.  
Is your G-chat going slow? Mine's not working. 
You said that earlier today.  
God, this is like that guy who was stuck in the elevator for 40 hours, only hopefully longer . . . what are you looking at?  
Guys, we should all get tattoos of this experience so we don't forget it, I'll get the elevator, you get this homo.   
Rations! 
(scoffs) I was hungry. Sorry. Somebody's not getting to lick the bag.  
I have to go! It's been like, forever! 
It's just starting to dawn on me that we might not make it out of here alive. 
We should all call our loved ones and say good-bye. (calls Jake) 
Pick it up!  
Jake. (rapping) Q-Q quick question. I hope you don't mind that I mention that. 
I don't know, you usually, like, cut me off or tell me to shut up after two lines so I don't plan my freestyles that long. 
Yes. I. Do. What, you want me to come up with it off the top of my head? 
You know, I think we talk to each other too much. 
Which is why, I've been working, like you told me to, on a secret code language that we can use. You know, just between us. That way we can talk to each other faster but just as much. 
Anyway, let's get started. L-G-S is let's get started so if I say that, that's what I mean. 
And it just took me ten Ms, relax. 
Oh, no no no. (laughs) M means day. So, it's, a little bit more convoluted than you thought. 
You mean O-M-R. 
Jake. 
Yeah, you're right. I shouldn't change your name, it's perfect. 
D-T? 
Yes. Yes! 
(runs off and jumps, tripping on chair) Too late, you promised, I'll meet you there. Ah! 
Sorry I'm late 
Ok we're both sorry so... lets cancel each other out. relax i just had to ask you a question and it couldn't wait until i came over later to surprise you 
alright btw its a mental test and my cousin leron gave it to me and i failed and i told him that you'd pass because you're the smartest person I know 
alright. there are ten apples in a bucket and you reach in and take one out. How many apples are left in the bucket? 
see I said eight. It's actually seven because the apples are so tight that when you (Jake 
I know how could I not think of that. Alright 
Follow up question 
you have (Jake 
Yea exactly two 
Wrong I said six. It's actually two because they're the type of cookies that look like two cookies but they're actually conjoined at the waist like the chocolate chips... I mean this is so hard how are we supposed to figure this stuff out 
pauses and thinks A billion dollars 
(stunned) ..No... (chokes up) 
God 
Why am I even homeless can't I just live in the apartment I already have? 
Oh it wasn't even mine to sell 
(under breath 
I'm calling my mom, telling her her son's a fucking retard 
Not me you idiot my brother he was supposed to teach me this stuff 
Wait! Stop! (screen goes black) I have no place to live! 
Hey space cadets and girls, it's six thirty in the morning, which means it's time for another episode of-, hold the f-, hold the camera like I said, right? (singing) Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space and Jocelyn, astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face, if you love that shit, say nah nah nah-nah nah nah nah nah-nah, hey! Mom, close the door! Rotate it. Rotate it, right? Anyway, uh, a lot of you guys have been complaining that there's not a lot of super villains in these episodes, which is a great complaint, which is why, today, Ace and I are gonna foil the plot of an evil scientist who's ugly and- 
What? Argh, what are you...?  
In this episode, Ace is gonna be confronted by an evil, hideous scientist who can't handle a camera or keep his mouth shut for the life of- 
W-w-w-w-wait, c'mon! Hey, Patrick! Patrick! C'mon! I'm gonna edit that part out! 
I'm really sorry. I mean- 
I know. This is... I'm... this is probably so weird for someone like you, who has this, like-  
Put on this hat and I swear everything's gonna be alright. Just, put on the hat and- 
Yes, yes, I really do, I promise. I swear to God I have your money, just, good, excellent, put on the hat and follow me, bitch. 
Yes, or I don't know, just, can you open the door? You know- do you know your line even? 
Will you get...? 
Shh, just get in there, I'll say the rest. 
Oh my- 
Ace. 
That was- 
... so good! Ace, I led him right to you. 
You would have been so proud. 
Ace. 
The astronaut accountants strike again! 
Let me- 
Justice. 
What? 
No way. 
I would never- 
Ace, get the cell phone out. Don't, yet. This is so messed up, right now. 
I know WHAT IT IS! JUST RELAX, ACE, PUT IT DOWN! 
This isn't supposed to happen, not until season two. 
Ace. 
I don't wanna do this... but I've a real knife! 
Will Ace ever come to his senses? Is Jocelyn really a double agent?  
I mean, are you really going to tell me that you'd rather be at the Yankee's game right now? 
(panning to the piece of pizza in front of Jake) I mean, I paid for half of that slice, so I don't even know why you're even-- 
Okay, wow. (turns the camera to show he is wearing a Yankees hat) You're really going to be that petty about this, aren't you? 
Alright. I'm gonna leave. (starts to get up) 
(sits back down) Alright, fine, I'll stay. 
I know why you're pissed at me. 
No, because you bought me this.. (shows his hat to the camera again) and we weren't even able to enjoy most of the game together. 
Okay! Relax, you took money, and you bought it for me, I mean, what's the big-- 
Ok, com'e on, compromise, right? Meet me in the middle, and then-- 
Alright. I'm gonna stop talking, IF you talk to me for the rest of the day, AND, you talk to me on Thursday, Friday-- 
Awuwuwuwait okokokokok. (catches up with Jake) Come on. I won't say anything. Thanks for the hat, and that's it, or whatever. 
Jake! Thank god I found you! That was EPIC! (falsetto) 
Aight. Good call, we'll split up, we'll cover more ground. 
Thanks for the hat. BUT, if we stay together, they won't expect it, and maybe, Ill vote for that option because, I don't wanna be not near you right now, so. Just a--.. (high-pitched voice) Just a tought! Just a tought! (he pronounces a th sound as a t sound in his high-pitched voice) 
Alright, we're here at Yankee Stadium, Jake got me this hat (points at his hat),-- 
--and we're best friends, right? Would you agree with that? 
I bought-- heh. I bought the tickets, so. What would you-- 
Fine. 
Excuse me? Hi. Uh, can you take a photo of myself and my friend? 
Get out hats. (laughs) 
(laughs) Ok, figure it out. Don't be an idiot, right? 
Excuse me, yeah, excuse me I'd give the camera to such an idiot (grabs the camera) 
C'mon, Jake, hit her! 
Jake. Have I asked you my one question today- 
E equals M C two. What's that about?  
Ah. Did you see that? 
I was like scratching my head, right? And then I just went like- 
-like that. Look, look at this. 
I didn't know scissors could cut hair. What should I do? 
This? 
I'm gonna cut just a little. 
This is a lot. 
I trust you. 
It's so tough. 
This seems like a lot. 
I mean, look at this. 
I don't care what you think. I care- 
-right?  
I have one best friend. It feels like a little too short to me, but I'm gonna keep doing it because I respect you and know that you wouldn't knowingly hurt me. Just like I've never knowingly hurt you. 
Done! Boom. 
God. Stop hugging me from behind. People will start talking about that. 
Or.. (quietly) ok 
Um, why should I answer your questions if you never answer any of the questions (JAKE 
Fine, I'll go first... 
......do you wanna go first? 
I don't know, you were just like hey, you look like shit, which I agreed with. 
And then he started laughing, not taking you seriously. Nobody doesn't take you seriously, not even you, so, I don't know, I lost it, I'm sorry, what color shirt are you wearing tomorrow. 
Probably? Cool. Conversation ovah--(stars to get up) 
(mocking Jake's stutter) No, uhh-I don't, uhh-I'm sorry, i-is it a crew neck, o-or a ringer shirt? 
AH that is sick. That is so chill (JAKE 
...phat as hell. 
Oh. I dunno. (laughs). I was thinking- (high-pitched voice) I was tinking about ya chill shirt! I was tinking about ya chill shirt! (normal voice) Uh I don't care about Rosie I hope he dies in the hospital. 
Does it have.. red writing on it? Like little red.. is it a little red riding hoodie? Or is it--.. 
No. Is it the ATT shirt? 
Oooh that one is chill as shit! 
Hmm? 
No, I didn't, I didn't even bring my computer in today, honestly. 
Uh, I went to... I went to the home, to my home. I went home 4th of July weekend. 
Yeah. It was crazy! 
Was that a Tuesday? 
I went home. 
I was at my... home... 
OK, good. I want to know what happened in the office cause I was at, I was at home. 
Ah, wow, no. That looks like me though, so I can see... I'm not offended because that guy's handsome and so am I. But,  
I can see... honestly I can see why you would think it was me. 
It's logical to think that. 
It wasn't... though. 
Du-du-du-du-du-du... yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, one second, one second, hey, hey security, hey, it's Amir. 
See that could be any Amir. He just said Amir. 
It's Amir Blumenfeld, specifically. 
That? Oh, that is me, but... I think that wasn't 4th of... 
And it's the 4th of July weekend and I'm... 
You know, this is... that is my house. 
And I'm in the office. I ain't at home bitches! 
I was here. 
Jake. 
What was the movie you were talking about... (He upturns his empty cup and acts shocked) 
Well you didn't--Did you see me drink from it earlier? 
I can't stay mad at you. (In a high pitched voice) I can't stay mad at you. You're the one bright spot. In my otherwise dismal life. You're the one bright spot in my otherwise dismal life. 
I know. You're my reason for reason. 
The step in my shoe. 
Rob Thomas featuring Santana. 
Sup!  
Best friends! 
Santana 
NORMAL life. 
I know! I just have to go home now. Because I have a headache. My head and my heart! My head and my heart hurt. So... 
Sup! Jake. What was the name of the-- 
Alright Jake, ultimate soul mate test RIGHT NOW. Think of a number 1 through ten. Is this it? 
Is this it? 
Same card, right? 
I don't know, I mean. Listen, there's like fifty-two in here, you wanna just breeze by them three at a time? 
It's probably my gay-ass mom. Jake.  
What? She says hi. 
Not to you. She says "Who are you talking to?" 
Not to you, right? 
I know it's dad's birthday. Argh, I already called him. Like, I don't know, last year, what does it matter when? (drops phone) Oh, shh... hello? Yes. OK. Fine! Don't you wanna see how's Jake doing? "Who is Jake"? Who are you. 
I don't know, it's like every fucking year around this time she's like "Call your dad, it's his birthday, this might be his last birthday" and it's like "don't you have a job?" 
Yes, she's a registered nurse. And my dad is like this toolbox-extraordinaire, it pains me to call him. 
Alright, perfect example. Last day of college, right? He comes to pick me up in a U-haul. Right of the bat, that's fucking nutso. But this guy honks the horn to get my attention. I freaked. I mean, tell me you understand. 
He's a paediatrician, which sounds like "Ooh, cool, you're a doctor". But, yeah, a doctor for kids. 
I know, it's so noble, it's like— 
I know that now. Jake, do you ever wonder how on your first day you chose to sit at that desk instead of that one? 
Oh my god do you want to see something insane-o that I just realized? Today is July twenty-second right? Which is seven twenty-two, and it's seven twenty-two, and I'm twenty-two, and you're twenty-two over seven years old and I live on seventh avenue two-twenty-seventh- 
Can I ask you a personal question? 
I think I have a crush on someone in the office. 
yelling Shut up lowering voice right? She might hear you- 
I just want to know if you have any tips to you know... French kiss her. 
French kiss 
I know what you're trying to do. You're worried that if I have a girlfriend, then I won't hang out with you all the time, right? 
You think Hallie will like that? 
Yeah. 
Are you ser- Oh okay, I get it. 
Yeah, and I like it. You're trying to be like, okay, be a little distant, right? Coy, and she'll come and like she'll sort of come after you, right?  
That's actually a good move, because I don't think she'll be able to ignore my Casa Nova skills-o. 
Wish me luck.  
yelling Not good luck! Just luck, right? You're going to jinx it. 
Hallie! Hi! laughs 
How are you doing? Can I ask you a question? 
Hallie! Hi! laughs 
How are you doing? Can I ask you a question? Who would win in a fight? 
Answer my question first. 
laughs I'm just joking. I think Jake needs to give me a gift right now so let me talk to you later 
Don't ask me to choose between him and you right off the bat, okay? 'cause that is a battle you're not going to win BRB. 
Lesbo guys. Definitely. Should have know. Did you see her shoes? 
Okay. Exactly.  
Yeah... I don't need that type of negativity right now, okay? Come on. grunts Wish me luck boys. 
Hey baby.  
Hallie. I like your hair.  
Is it brown? 
I know... Uh... I have a secret. 
It's stupid. It's not even worth saying. 
It's just that I think you're pretty. 
Do you want to get ice cream some times? Er, some time with me? Or not- or not, sometimes ice cream's stupid- 
Really? 
What is it? Is it about the ice cream being not real- 
laughs Stupid- Bye! 
You tell me. 
Well I'm wearing this aren't tie? 
What's that? 
Sigh Let's just say... no. 
Laughs Oh no, I'm just checking dinner reservations for tonight, my internet's down. 
Uh, it was really awesome. 
Uh, yeah, no, I mean I guess so- 
Let me just finish- 
Let me just finish this and then 
One second, alright. 
What. 
Uh, no I can't I'm going- 
No, I'm going to- 
A different restaurant with Hallie. We're going on a date. 
Shut up! 
laughs What are you talking about? 
Let's- let's talk about this later. 
Let me talk to A- Jake for a second, uh, I'll be right back. 
Hey, uh, I appreciate what you're doing, but you have to be completely honest with me right now: are you only doing this, alright, because you're a hundred percent sure that she actually is a rival account from a different agency, because if she is I will fucking lose it on this bitch. Do you understand me? I will go apeshit for you. 
laughs Sorry about that, he was acting weird. 
Uh, why are- why have you lied to me? 
About what?, how about the fact that you're a rival agent from a different agency, god dammit I trusted you! I don't ever want to see your face again. You're lucky I don't blow it to Zorlap and back, you understand me? Leave, and never come back! Let's hit it, Ace! 
and Jocelyn! 
and Jocelyn! Ace and Jocelyn! Astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face! singing If you love that shit say nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah hey-! 
Hey, dinner tonight? 
Hell yeah! 
Okay. 
SUP?! Do you know what the date is today? 
August 5th. Ugh, I guess I don't know anyone whose birthday it is today so I'll talk to you later.  
Waitwaitwait-I'm just kidding. It's...Nile...Armstrang... 
Birthd-  
-Astronautty as hell, so, anybody else's birthday is today? 
Ah-Ah-Ah! I didn't hear that, I didn't say anything so-lalala-I'm not planning your party so don't be surprised.  
One second. (goes to Sarah) Sarah, hey-ah, sorry-ae, throwing-ae Jake-ae a birthday-ae surprise party-ae tonight at a McDonalds just ya-(high pitched) yay or nay?  
Yeah. 
OK. Jake always hated you.  
Right off the bat I think you're a piece of shit and I don't respect you but Jake might want you at his surprise party so if you want to go, figure out where it is and you can attend. OK?  
OK, good. I hope you both die, so... 
No, I hope you and your vet dies. (leaves) 
Surprise party for Jake tonight? 
Surprise  party tonight? 
I don't even know your name, so... 
Jake always thought you smelled like shit.  
OK, I didn't even ask you.  
Yes, but, I take it back.  
Hey! Where are you going? 
OK, uh, just because nobody likes us doesn't mean we shouldn't go out strong tonight. 
Hey, listen to me. Tonight is going to be - CRA-ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!! 
OK, uh, just because nobody likes us doesn't mean we shouldn't go out strong tonight. 
Hey, listen to me. Tonight is going to be - CRA-ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!! 
AAAAAYYYYYYY-- 
Question. You haven't had a single McNugget yet. 
Let me finish! Why?  
Somebody sauce me! Right now.  
Nah, you are good. (high pitched) Tonight is about sans phone. 
Tonight is sans phone, yeah.  
Let me guess, you're sad. You know what? People at work suck shit. My birthday sucked and you don't see me crying about it.  
(whining) Well it was depressing as hell, I was all alone!  
Who dat sick-ass dude with that fly ass gift? Who dat sick-ass dude with that fly ass gift? 
It's uh, whatever. It's, uh, anything you want it to be.  
Boom. So. 
OK, well why'd you put a comdon in it? 
Ah, come on. Why- 
Seventeen? 
Proba-Those are all for me.  
Heehee, yeah right. Pat's at the vet. He's probably just still trying to fuck with you. All right? Honestly, honestly, honestly, honestly- 
Hones- 
I'm going to kill him.  
Straight up. 
Aye-waitwaitwaitwaitwaitwait-wait for me then. Let me just take a super-super-quick power nap. Super tired from all this pre-gaming. (high pitched) Supah tired from all this pre-gaming! Honestly...Jake.  
OK, wai-wai-wai-wai-wai-wait for me then. (at party) All right, listen, 5 minutes, and then we're peacing out of here, OK? We have laser tag reservations and my cousin, Leron, is expecting us.   
OK, I'm going to relax, just remember these people don't like us.  
No. I would never deceive you like that, OK? You call these people your friends? Honestly, honestly, honest- 
Can I have a word with you in private, please?  
All right, we need to talk in private.  
Two hours ago, all these people were busy, right? Now they're all here having a party? Ooo...surprise surprise, right?  
Yes, I- All right, this is a waste of time. 
We should be discussing how the hell we're going to get out of this fucking hell-hole.  
OK. Fine. You're right. Uhh, happy birthday. I'm going to go home. Or uh, to the dentist. I-I live-I live with a dentist, so I'm just going to go home.  
Whoa, there's an Iceland? 
What?! But it's-wait- it's not even my birthday!  
So everyone is here just for me?!  
So I can whatever, like, I want?  
All right, everybody, GET THE FU-- 
Where are you going? 
(getting up) Alright, I'm coming with you because I rewrote it and then I sent it off to him. Follow my lead, and never don't follow my lead. 
Honestly, right off the bat, no shit. 
Wow- whoa-like- what- It's the saddest thing somebody can see, so I think, like, when you cry, it's not- 
Well... Ahh, Ok. Uh, that's fine. It happens again. 
Yeah, I don't use software. I just (farting noise with mouth) write all- I do the- 
(simultaneously) Yeah, yes, yes, yes, very. Aw, half the length, and then you can get it to change, just get it across and then- 
This script. 
Def. 
More specifically? I don't know, he's saying that everything is long. But, that's good, and it should be longer. As lo- er- as lo- the longer the better. 
So why are all good movies three hours plus, right? What, does that make sense? 
(interrupting , high voice) This shit is crazy insane-o.  
High pitched voice, right? 
Fireball, right there. 
couldn't agree less... with that. 
Yes. 
Ok. 
We don't want to spoon-feed our audience. 
I know. 
Oh, as a job. 
(deep voice) Frank the Tank! 
Yeah, well, the way I cast my characters is I- I- I aim for the moon and then I shoot myself. 
(scoffs) You're gonna let him talk to me like that. 
Ahh. 
Alright, you know what, you haven't stopped bitching about this script since you got here. 
Hah, yeah. More like destructive cynicism. 
Just give us one more- 
(simultaneously) It's fine, we can do this. We're a dynamic team! 
Ok? Wow. What- what crawled into his butt? Jake. (high voice) Vhat crawled into his butthole? Hm. Jake. Give me his SMS code right now, I'm gonna text him that question. Is butthole with two Bs? 
(to camera) Hey, is this TRL? I want to request Britney Spears new nu-- 
(off camera) He's fine.  
(high-pitched voice) Thisweekendwascraazeeyy! 
How did I ruin it? 
(singing loudly, with the wrong lyrics) Coulda goneit as a wise man dreaming, and this is how you remind me (he grabs the neck of both guitars to stop them playing) Stop! 
Interception! (He throws the ball, and a crashing sound is heard.) 
Uh, so what are you grilling? 
Chicken nuggets? 
Ok. Ahh. I don't wanna seem ungrateful, but.. this is a fucking joke. 
(to Jake) Oh, what's it like to be worse at guitar than a fifteen-year-old? 
Ok, yeah, it sucks. 
(laughs) (to Kunal) Call her Laura. (to Laura) Right babe? 
(laughs) You're funny, babe. (Walks off.) 
(to Jake's sister) Yeah, and I've had four, so somebody sucks at math. (to Jake) Also, Jake, we should go to Blockbuster later and rent a game, I'm thinking SSX Tricky. (Takes two large bites from his taco.) 
(poking his head out of the bathroom) Hey babe? QQ. Uh, we're out of toilet paper, and I really need to wipe. So. 
Whoa! Nerd alert. (laughs) Don't worry, I'm not going to tell anyone at the office you were reading. 
Hah! Well I already Tumbled it. (high-pitched voice) It's got about forty reblogs! It's got about forty reblogs! (taking Jake's book and throwing it away.) Aight, bury me, RIGHT now. I'll start. (Lies down on his back and dribbles a handful of sand on his chest.) Jake! 
Alright, here's the plan. Rosie, you go long, like get the fuck all the way to New York or something; me and Jake will chill out here and then we'll just-- 
Ok. Ready? Set? Jake! 
(running over to Jake, who is holding his neck in pain) Whoa whoa whoa! (kneeling next to him) Oh god, can we try my plan now? I'm begging you. 
Well if you didn't want me to come, why'd you email everyone an invitation? 
Yeah, but I check your outbox, so it's like the same thing. ...Also your poetry sucks. 
Okay. 
Hey guys, check this out 
[singing] It's my dick in a box, baby! 
Saw-ree! 
Whoa! Is that Knocked Up on DVD? Seth Rogen! I love him! Everybody knows that. How much did this cost? 
One million dollars. 
You mind if I burn this? 
Oh, gosh. You don't have to do that! 
Oh, by the way 
Whoa! This is going in so smoothly-- 
--smoothly, it was, like, really smooth peanut butter. It was j-- you won't even believe how smooth it was, it was so sm-- yeah, so smoothly, it went in. 
Okay, so it skips a little when you put it in. I mean... just go to the next scene! What's the Biggie fries? Right, Jake? 
Aaaaaah. So... 
What? 
Aaaaaaaaaah. 
Why not? 
'Sup! 
Hey, guys! 
[singing] It's my dick in a box! 
It's my dick in a box, baby! 
...Sorry. 
Whoa! What the hell is this? It's like a book... but it's... super-light. Who's Knocke Dup? 
I'm going to break it. 
Because I'm a retard. That's why. 
That is not what I said! 
Okay, after I break it, I wanna have a sleepover with you, and we can discuss-- all night-- how much we hate Pat. 
Jake. Look how bendy it is. 
I'm so stupid! 
[sigh] Did that redheaded homo put you up to this? 
'Sup! 
Hey, Rosie! 
[singing] It's my dick inside one! It's my dick insiiiide one. 
...Sorrow. 
Whoa... is right. 
[mostly unintelligible, in his high-pitched voice] Who dis DVD? Who dis chill-ass dude on dis DVD w'dat curly hair? 
[still high-pitched] Who dat chill-ass d-- 
I know. 
Let me just burn a copy. 
I'm not gonna do anything. Let me just burn it, and then... maybe we can have a sleepover? 
Stop, you're gonna break it! 
And... I feel bad too, so, here. [holds out a paper towel] 
Well, take it before I change my mind. 
Can I borrow this? 
Jake, you know how when a man is sexually aroused, I was just thinking about it, how his penis becomes erect because blood flows into it, the appendage? So... 
Yes. 
(holds hammer) I wanna throw this hammer so that it hits right in between your eyes. 
Well, opposites attract, so, close your eyes. 
I don't think I'm explaining it right. 
It's not gonna hit your eyes (JAKE 
I feel like I'm doing the hard part by throwing it, and then you're not doing anything back, you know, like you're not bringing anything. 
Ok. But you can't convince me not to do this, I'm so set. Like, I, it's already happened in my head. 
Huh. 
(strained) Yee. 
Yee. 
(in pain) I didn't hurt anything, I'm juuuu-ah! 
I'm fine. 
I'm grunting because I, oh, my head hur- I have a headache. 
(touches head with bloody hand) No, it just- It feels super swollen, like right around here. Is it, like, real- It look- It feels like it's throbbing. 
Oh, no, yeah, I just spilled it in lemonade. 
Raspberry lemonade. 
Ok, uh, ooh, I'm gonna pass out because I'm in a lot of pain. 
But I'm pretty positive you're not right. (puts head down) 
(with head down) Jake, did it hit? Jake. 
(waving to the camera (and interrupting Jake)) Hi!-- Sorry. Ugh, you hate that. 
--Glasses. Basically they're round, so they accentuate my f-- 
--Oh my God, and the entire thing's a Magic Eye, well I'll be damned, they used my idea (JAKE 
(to Jake) The two dragons 69ing each other. 
(sarcastically, to Jake) Wow! They made a website for us, that's rea- no that's great, that must take a long time, right? 
So I have a full-time job, too. 
...I drank.. a glass filled with ketchup. 
Okay! (to the camera) Anyway, listen, if you like the design, let us know, and if not, maybe don't say anything because it'll hurt Jake's feelings. 
(waving at camera) To be continued! 
Ok. We hope you like it. (He reaches to turn off the camera.) 
Sup?...Sup? 
Sup? 
Sup? 
Like a rabbit. Sup? 
Hey. 
Yes. 
43 days. 
Jake, it is I already, dinner tonight? 
Maybe then I... 
Hokay, he is a little crabby today, so just do dinner for one, at - still at the D's though, right? 
W-w-w-w-wait, hold on one second, we're almost done. And then, call ahead right now and make sure that Roberta know that we're coming, and that—er, that I'm coming, and that the special is... are there... 
The special, the... 
The skin and the sauce. 
The skinini... 
The skin of - the chicken nugget skin. 
I know the name of most people that work at every McDonalds. 
Jake, listen... ahhh, w-w-wait. 
Noo.... 
Ooh.... 
(Laughing) Pat's reading?! 
(Still laughing) Yeah I wanna know what you're reading too actually, gimme the book. Lemme see it. 
(Over Pat) (Laughing) Yeah, yeah I think it's my favorite book.  
(Over Pat) (Still laughing) (Flipping through the pages with the book facing Jake, so he can see) Jake look. It's all text. 
(Laughing) (Over Jake and Pat) Jake. Jake there's no pictures. 
Relax it's called a practical joke. Jake makes you think like you're not a worthless nerd for half a second... 
...and I destroy your book. 
(Over Pat) Relax, yeah we're Abbaca salads. Just relax. 
Yeah, you set me up and I'll knock his down. 
(Over Pat) Hey, come on now! Relax! 
Guys SHUTUP for a second. (Jake and Pat shutup.) Jake, we should live together in an apartment. I told you that my dad says we could spend 10,000 dollars a month on a loft. 
What? 
Jake, dinner tonight? 
Hahahaha. Sup, hey guys? 
Uhhh... Jake is actually very sick. (looks at Pat) Not that that's any of your business. 
So this is what you guys do huh? When Jake and I aren't here you do a little impersonations, you eat chicken nuggets, right? You do impressions of people and that's fun.  
You know what, don't be. ' Cause I love doing impressions too! laughs Who am I?  
Whoa, I just realized that if I stare at the back of your computer for 3 hours it looks like 2 elephants masturbating. 
Yes! 
Oh that's super cool why don't I save you ten minutes and let you know that Jake and I are BBF's, so it doesn't even matter what you get on a quiz. 
Shawshank Redemption. 
[High pitched voice] Annie's macaroni and cheese. [Normal Voice] Jake, Annie's macaroni and cheese. 
Well you were gonna be straight wrong, so. 
Straight close but no straight cigar. 
Incorrect, she was a teacher but two weeks ago she arrived at school completely stoned... So they fired her. 
She called me. 
Well she called you but I picked up. You know, my voice sounds a lot like yours when I go like this 
Jake knows everything on that list about me... 
Jake, can you tell them what it is. 
Thank you. 
I have a chicken nugget in my pocket! 
She's a registered nurse. 
Whoa! I just realized that if I stare at the back of your computer for three hours, it looks like two elephants masturbating.  
Yes 
Oh, that's super cool, why don't i save you ten minutes and let you know that Jake and I are BBFs, so it doesn't even matter if you take that quiz 
Shawshank redemption 
annie's macaroni and cheese, Jake, annie's macaroni and cheese 
Well, you we're gonna be straight wrong! So  
Straight close, but not straight cigar (mumbles), Jake 
Incorrect, she was a teacher, but two weeks ago she arrived at school completely stoned, so they fired her 
She called me? 
Well, she called you but I picked up, you know, my voice sounds a lot like yours when I go like  this - Hey mom, tell me more about dad 
Jake know's everything on that list about me, don't you Jake? don't you Jake? don't you Jake?  
Jake, can you? Tell them what it is 
Thank you 
Got a chicken nugget in my pocket GAAH 
She's a registered nurse, registered nurse, nurse, nurse, nurse, nurse 
Hey, does chicken ever go bad? 
Like does it spoil? 
Uhh...fridge... 
Yeah, I-I won't try to make my own nuggets anymore, that was a, especially out of salmon.  
That's stupid. 
Will you just come over here and help me change my AIM screen-name already? 
Oooh- 
-I thought I asked you this morning, but I was just thinking it (chuckles) and I waited. 
Yeah, probably more. (laughs) Will you help me? I already thought of a screen-name, all you have to-- 
Releaks, Jesus, it smelled fine two hours ago. 
Uh, honestly, it smelled a lot like my salmon, that's what I got. 
All right, just, I already thought of a name, all you have to do is help me out. 
. . . it's jakeandamir. -- 
(mumbles louder) --OK, just chill for a second, you're not the 'Jake' so you don't have to get all-- 
--high and mighty . . . um, you're the Amir, so. 
You tell me. 
(chuckles) Sorry.  
wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wait, OK, come back, relax, just . . . I don't know what this all is -- 
(laughs) I don't even know what that is.  
OK, I always wondered what that weird thi-- 
Yeah.  
I wanted to explore the internet (beat) 6. So.  
(high pitched) sishovah. 6 over.  
OK, Faster. 
wa-slow down, slow down, slow down. Slow down! Slow down! 
s-OK. 
All right, uhhh . . .  
OK, so I don't know.  
Yeah. 
That's too long for a password, isn't it?  
Is your screen name still ChillDude22?  
Would you rather have-- 
Fine! Would you rather have an infinite amount of chicken nuggets or an infinite amount of money? 
Yes, that's what I asked! Yeah! They're chicken McNuggets from the D's! (bouncing rapidly) From the D's! From the D's! From the D's! 
Uh, okay. Where would you put the money? 
All of a sudden it's more difficult-- 
In my stomach. 
Straight up.  
Okay here's an impression...! 
(cutting JAKE off) Here's an impression! Ah! 
Ah! 
Ahhhh. All right, here's an impression. (takes glasses off) 
Here's an impression of a normal guy. 
I knew you'd find me here. 
Y'know, not a day goes by that I don't think about your mother. 
You were confirmed in a church like this. Not much bigger than this actually. 
She never even got to see you play lacrosse. How do you think that makes me feel. 
Okay, when I think about how your brother and you treated her, it just kills me-- 
Allright fine, turn it off, okay?! And relax! There is an emergency! 
I wanna shoot a chill-ass lip dub in here. Just like a chill-ass lip dub in a church. 
Yeah it's like basically you lip sync a song and we put the music underneath, so it looks like you're singing. 
Whatever, in a thing, I don't know, but like, as I'm singing, like set fire to shit, and at the end it just goes pfff, and it explodes, so... 
I don't know, a church blowing up. Is that-it sounds like an emergency to me. 
Not only that, but you have to shoot it for me too. You have to be the one who shoots it because I'm the one who's singing, and then what are you gonna bring to the table. 
Ah, w-w-w-wait a second. 
Wait, c'mon, you said you'd shoot it, right? 
Okay, then say it now then, please. 
C'mon, hey c'mon. 
I'm comin' down now witcha, so, wait up for half a second-- 
(pointing at the box on Jake's desk) W- what is tha-? (Jake is gone so he stops talking.) 
Hey bro... (exhales in pain) 
(opening the box) Nooo, this is mine actually. Where di-- you got one too? (He takes the router out of the box.) 
(examining the router in his hands) Yeah crazy. 
(mimicking Jake's accent) Soulmates do dat shiat all the time. 
The- this is weird. 
I got it online. The internet. So. 
(examining the router) Half of it is blue, you see that? 
And then half of it... Ah, my head hurts. Heh. 
(spinning the router in his hands between two opposite corners) I was just about to spin it around when you said it-- 
(dropping the router on his desk) I know, ah, Jesus! It started to get a little hot... 
...when you said that. So. 
(smelling the router) Okay. Good. 
So we both have one, and, let's just leave it at that, at this point. (setting down the router and putting on his headphones) Uh, I'll let you know when yours gets here. I'm gonna listen to music now. 
(lifting off one side of his headphones) Did you say something about us getting the same piece of equipment? 
That was.. this is the.. it's just ended and now the- I was listening to rap-- 
I need you to help me register to vote. 
Well, vote or die right? 
Well I don't want it to be, which is why I'm going to put no, and then... [ticks box on voting form] 
Ok, so, sheesh. 
I do nay have a legal birthday, and I def do not have a [in high pitched voice] social security numbre comprende? so-e help-e on that-e. 
[silly noise] 
I mean honestly I'm leaning towards voting for both. 
Michael Both, the Libertarian candidate. 
I don't know, I don't know what I just said. 
[high pitched voice] I tink I am down to vote today. 
Ok cool cool, [high pitched voice] tomonge it is! 
[silly noise] 
I don't know, I'm like conflicted because one guy says the other guy is bad and then the other guy says the other person is bad so, like I think I'm just going to vote for the last person I hear talk. 
[moving pen away from Jake] Hey! Don't touch my pen. 
What's a blue state? 
Ok, so red state is Nazi? 
Same thing. 
Same thing. 
HE'S BLACK?! 
[interrupting] HE'S WHITE?! HE'S A REPUBLICAN?! 
SORRY?! Sorry. 
[silly noise] 
Yeah, VP is super importante. 
Rainbow. 
No, you said vice... I said vice President, what did you say? 
Uh, Gerald Ford? 
Oh this was in 2006. 
Yeah, he lost. 
Yeah, by a lot. 
Man, why can't you run for president? My decision would be so much easier. 
Well, like tonight I'm crashing at your place, so do I put that address or? 
Ok, the first one wasn't a question. 
[free-styling] Cuz you pale in (Palin) comparison to Sarah. So, I dunno. 
Actually, I already just forgot it. Something about... Dick Cheney in your uh I dunno, forget it. 
And done-zo so [tears up form] thank you for nothing. 
This is one vote that stays private! 
HE'S A REPUBLICAN?! 
IF, we have to high five every home run, I know, and we have to create ten inside jokes, you don't have to tell me-- 
Ok. But, I was thinking about that, what if it's like weeks in the past. (JAKE 
Yeyeah, fo sho, fo sho. 
(smiling) That is aout of there! Ah! 
(smiling) Kunal him! Ah, right now! 
(smiling) I know. Ok me too. 
(Leaning over and grabbing Jake's arm to yell into his phone) HHHEY YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHI-- 
(Singing) Jeff is an asshole, Rosie's an asshole, I wouldn't be caught dead hanging out with Patrick Cassels... 
(singing) I don't see why you wanna hang out with anyonnne else, buuut meeeeee... 
(falsetto) Two to one! 
Oh ok. I thought those were Roman Numerals. 
(makes a pbbpbpb horse noise) I think I'm gonna take a nap. Let me know if Kobe (pronounced koab) hits that touchdown. (He leans his head back to rest on the couch.) 
(Thinking) Yeeeeee-- 
Huzzah! 
Zah-hah! 
Guess who! (laughs) 
I clogged your toilet. I clogged it. 
(shakes his head). No I didn't use any paper, so I guess guess again? 
I'm done. (He farts a third time, even shorter). 
I know, it's so weird. Well, I guess it makes sense if you think about it, cuz like a lot of 'em were talk-- honestly, a lot of 'em were like talking shit about us, and I was like, I dunno, it's like weird, because like, you have to think about it, do you want those types of people at your house if you-- I mean if you have the choice, maybe you would rather not. Like do you have-- do you have any wine? (He farts loudly again). 
Hello space cadets, Ace just told me he was busy, which means it's time for... 
It's meee! 
Ace, listen up, you said you were really busy, which is usually code for, uhhh, "I'm in trouble" 
"Come over and help me", which I'm doing right now. 
Is there trouble under this bag? 
Someone coming over? Okay, I'm gonna hide in the bathroom. 
What?! Are you serious? 
I'm not gonna look back! 
Ah, what the heckles? 
Oh. 
(pulling awkward face) Eergh. Awkward City, Spaceville, USA! Hehe. 
Honestly, it's just that, only nerds wear glasses. Straight up. 
Spikey hair is for homos. It's for space homos, or whatever. 
So... I dunno. 
Shyus! She's starting to get it Ace! Hehe. 
Far out! Hahaha. Leave already! Hahaha. Jesus Christ. Earth girls ain't easy. 
K. Honestly Ace, I think I did you a huge favour, because if you think about it, she looks. A lot like. Shiii-art. And I wouldn't be caught dead in public with someone who looks like that. Let's go to the D's! 
Alright fine. WAIT NO THE BLACKHOLE!! 
lol. 
Roflmao. 
I probably look like such a drok. 
*dork* 
i'm rocking out that's all 
Pretty hard though. 
Pick your head up if you're interested. 
are you? 
Whenever I'm having a bad day, or feeling down about something, I know that feeling is always fleeting because soon i'll be back at my desk, sitting across from my best friend, and just -- everything is perfect again. You fix everything by just being here. 
LOL 
it is 
but it's a song I recorded about you. 
WAIT! I was gonna ask you if you had any vending machine tokens. ME WANT A SNACK! 
ME HAVENT EATEN IN DAYS ROFLMAO 
All's I know is that I need 75 vending machine dollars to git a kit kat. 
Yeah, okay. So I can walk into a mcdonalds, put these metal disks into the guy at the counter, and he'll spit mcnuggets into my mouth I guess?! 
Yup! 
Fo sho. 
FO SHEEZY 
brb bathroom. 
1,000 
Who has two thumbs, and doesn't give a shit? That guy, you, specifically. (pointing at Jake with his thumbs.) 
(loudly, flipping his lips up and down with his finger) SOOOOORYYYYYY-- 
(now visible) That was weirddddd. 
(smiling) I'm very real. 
I'm your best friend. 
(sitting at his desk across form Jake) Sah-ree. 
You're going to die now! ? 
(in hallway) Sup? (by Jake) Sup?? 
Works every time! 
I crushed my skull trying to bench press a TV, and died instantly. Why don't you cut my some slack?!  
Whoa, hold on a second, I'm going to put on the SyFy channel. I think there's a special on ghosts...like me!  
Whoa, pizza! 
I'm not even having some of the slices, just picking off some of the 'ronis.  
How about, I already feel bad about it so don't make me feel worse.  
(spits) Ah, god, they're gross and greasy.  ? 
You're greasy.? 
Why are you inviting her back if you know what I am going to do?? 
OK, how about this 
--and I'll pay you back for half of this DVD that I just "accidentally" broke.? 
(chuckles) Too late!  
(sings) And time, can do so much-- 
Ah-ow...One second, your computer is messed up, I'm just trying to fix it. 
OK, one second, I think I legit fucked something here-- 
FINE! Jeez louises, enjoy! All right? Have fun.  
Sometimes when I get nervous I start sweating this goo thing, I gue- I dunno, I think you're making it worse though.  
I already told you, I have a gay-ass Dell desktop computer and my dad won't buy me a new one because I DIED! Argh! Is that a MacBook or a MacBook Pro?  
Something tells me you won't be very pissed when you check your Facebook status update. I changed it. 
Did you check yet? It's fly as shit. 
It says, "I'm at the gym, hooking up with a hottie. Hit up the cell." 
So...(laughs) ? 
Oh, but I said it 'cellie',  which is like a new, cool way of saying it. Remember I told you to say it like that last week.? 
I told you, I choked on a golfball 12 years ago, and I can't leave!? 
OK, I guess I think I know when I'm not wanted.  
Oh! Let me make you one of my patented smoothies! They are re-donkey-lips. (goes to kitchen)  
(making the smoothie) Is this too loud? 
Oh my ghost! (sniffs) Ah, this is insane. Come here and smell it, unless you can smell it from over there. Can you smell it from there, is that why you're not coming here?  OK, give me a dollar to drink this? I'm just going to do it and you're going to owe me a buck. You're fine with straight owing me cash? ...OK, I did it. (pours it on floor) OK, so dollar right there and uh, I'll just take it from the twenty that I borrowed from you earlier. Remember? Jake, are you-are you pissed at me?  
FUCKING VOTE ALREADY!!! 
I don't care if you're white or black, if you're 9 or 90, just go- 
You can be 9, I was 9. Still not convinced?! Call Jake at (917)-446... 
...9701. And then that's it. 
Or France or Iraq, just please go out- 
This isn't an American election. This is a global election. Everybody- 
Whoever gets the most votes wins. Straight up. (Jake shakes his head) It's that simple. Who you voting for Jakey? 
I'm gonna tickle it out of you! (tickling Jake) 
Fine. V-O-T. Vote! 
E. Votey. 'sup votey? It's your birthday. 
Can't speak, can't vote. Straight up.  
You only get one vote in your whole life. One! Make it count! 
Vote for president! Vote for American Idol! We don't care, just vote! Anything! 
Okay, you want four more years of Taylor Hicks? 
Yeah for sure. Nobody, hey listen to me, nobody will know your phone number.  
I'm not mad. 
Yeah, well we passed by two McDonald's on the way here? 
Yeah, well, lucky for you, I came prepared to this little shit hole, so. (Holds up a box of Chicken McNuggets.) 
(opening the box) What the hell? How did I already eat them? 
(taking a McNugget out of his mouth) Agh, God, that was weird. (laughs) 
Ok well regularly I eat forty to ninety McNuggets a day. 
These prices are obscene! It's like $8.95 for a sandwich! 
Yeah.. 
..Twenty.. 
I mean but they're only a dollar each! 
(high-pitched voice) Achekekedichediditee! (laughs) 
I said, I think I'm going to sneeze, but then it went away. So. 
Nah, I said I think I'm gonna sneeze, and then (sneezes) 
(holding a penny) Whoa! A dime! A straight-up dime came out of my nose. (laughs) 
(laughing) A ten cent piece came out of my nose!-- 
Oh, okay. Either way, I'm paying for dinner tonight. 
Is it? Ok yeah. Well that's- that's what came out. Who knows what's still in there. Tickle my nose. (stretches his mouth up and down, exposing his nostrils) 
Alright. 
Ok, fine. Uhhh... How is.. your.. motherrrrr...- I mean I don't wanna talk about stuff like that, it's boring! 
...Dinner tonight? 
One second. 
Ugh, I so do not want to answer that question.  
Because like, either way I'm an asshole.  
OK, let's say I say yes. I did delete all your computer files, then I'm like a big meanie, so. 
I guess the other way would be like, all right, no, I didn't delete any of your computer files, then it's like, ooo...I'm the asshole who deleted all your computer files and then lied about it to cover it up or something. Just- 
(high pitched) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't. (normal voice) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't. 
Yes, absolutely. 
Or should I say, absol-fruit-ly.  
OK, more so. 
Yeah, I did that one fo' sho'. 
I mean, honestly, I might straight up murder you.  
Did you fucking touch my computer? 
Answer the question, bitch! Did you touch my computer or not? 
All right, OK, you know, sorry, I'm just going to go outside, 5 minutes, I'm going to cool off, I'm going to come back, you're going to apologize, everything is going to be fine again.   
All right, take a walk with me right now! 
Those files are gone. OK, trust me.  
Yeah, on an external hard drive, right? Yeah, I broke that too, so please! Are you really not coming on a walk with me? 
Snake eyes, bitches!  
Okay. 
Always bring your own dice, right?  
Ooh! Snake eyes, bitches!  
Alight, am I the car, or the doggy wearing the hat inside of the thimble?  
The dog-hat-thimble.  
But I don't know if we switch every turn. Like, sometimes I move the iron.  
Chance. Whoa! Instant win. That's a pretty chill card.  
Yeah right, ha! What did I do to deserve that?  
So right off the bat, okay, no more jail I'm thinking. And then, that's fine.  
Whoa! Snake eyes!  
Whoa! St. James and a hotel. I will take it.  
Oh, okay. So...  
Or, what if I give you $20 real money, and -  
40. Okay.  
Jake, you look like this guy. laughs... Jeff, you look like this guy. laughs... Sarah-  
Okay... You look like this guy though.. So... Who thinks I look like this guy?  
Full house ladies! Read 'em and weep-sauce.  
Sheesh... What?  
Alright, I'm gonna build a house on chance, and now me and Jake are neighbours.  
That's beautiful.  
Ah sheesh, Boardwalk.  
Okay, not a problem. 20, 40, 60-  
W-w-wait! Let's play Monopoly.  
Because you don't know where your wallet is. 
Okay, I'm not interested, so. Let's play Snood! 
Okay. 
Password. Turn around... 
How do you spell your mom's maiden name? 
(yelling) I know what it is! I wanna how to spell it. 
Okay, but close your eyes. 
Single and ready to tingle. 
No, no, no, I wanna get like a tingly sensation when I meet a girl. It just shows that maybe she's the one for me. 
AKA a boner. 
A bone-sauce. 
Never. 
Oh alc- I thought it meant water. 
Put "two feet and nine inches". 
Because I have two feet, (wiggling his fingers, high-pitched voice) and nine inches! 
Yeeee-no. 
Blue. 
Okay. Oh, I thought you said "hair". 
Okay. I thought you said "sky". 
Okay, whatever, dude. Love knows no bounds, right? Like as long as they're in New York City though. 
Love is- like if they're within 3 miles of me, love is boundless. 
But, they have to be close because (hugs Jake) I'm a cuddler-- 
I mean, my cousin owns a laser tag place in Queens. 
Wuwait, no. For fun, we rummage through the kids' backpacks while they're playing laser tag and we look for juice. 
Once we find the juice, we drink it. 
Never ever, ever! 
Wuwuwait. I want to imply that I never will. 
K through! (pretends to shoot basketball) 
No no no, I went through kindergarten and then I was through. 
Easy. Asian, cuz, I'm good at math. 
Okay. 
Oh, yo yo yo yo, check this one out. It's my favorite picture of me. 
It's from the laser tag place. 
(Laughs) Yeah, I'm still sticky. 
Yeah, it was like two weeks ago. Three weeks ago. 
Yeah! Let's make some carpets, WOO!! 
Yeah, well I'm here and I'm not leaving, so ok. 
'Cause even if you tried, you wouldn't be able to. 
You couldn't even force me out even if you wanted to because I'm too strong, so... 
(laughs and then starts screaming at carpenter while Jake holds him back) 
No, nobody does exactly 12 inches anymore. (cuts wood without measuring) You eye-ball it and then you have... This is like close enough I think... 
Ok, 15 but remember this isn't like rocket science, we're just making carpets, right. 
Ok, where's Pat? I want to try and saw his arm off, like (makes saw noise). 
Can I trace my hand in the wood before we start? 
That's what separates you from me. (proceeds to drill) 
Are you clowns almost done with this part? (returns with a bloody bandaged hand) 
Does anyone want to split a soda with me? (about to split a can of soda in half with a saw) 
(laughs) Are you guys light-headed? 
Oh Jake, I thought of that game I wanted to rent. It was called uh... Sheesh. What was it called... I think it was called Doom. (Pat) Will you stop ducking, I'm trying to hit you! 
Yeah, well watch this one. All I have to do is sand it- (all the wood pieces drop to floor) Ah, ok. Sh-  It's fine, it's next to my 3 piece dresser drawer. (points to pile of wood) 
(Amir is behind them, dangling from the ceiling) Guys.  
Can you build me a ladder super quick? 
Ah, why does it matter. I'm up here and the fact of the matter is, my hand really hurts so could you just BUILD ME A FUCKING LADDER AND HELP ME GET DOWN. 
Uhhh, just texting... texting texting texting. 
Jake. Texting. 
Texting. Is this thing on? 
I'm texting. 
Using T9.. (silly inarticulate voice) the terminator. 
Sorry if my texting is bothering you.. 
Sorry, then I'll just sit here and text, I shall tiaxt. (high-pitched voice) TIAXT WITH MY DIA-- 
Okay. I'm texting my Twitter-, though. I'm texting my Twitter account-- 
Don't act so shocked, you ****************** (three seconds of bleep). 
Sorrow. 
(rapping) Let me explain, in a way, you understand, it's a place that-- 
Alright it's an online place that you keep your secrets. 
Basically you like text a website, and it privately stores your information online, like in a lock,, like an online lock box,, like a lock box,, like a loc- Jake remember Alfred Gore? 
Actually what? 
Would you say it's the best call ever? 
Well would you say that it's the best call ever right now? 
Doy-hickey! jakeandamir. 
For sure. 
But you're saying that it's a thing. 
Just shut your fat lips and tell me how to spell wenis! 
Oh, that was really embarrassing. I think I get everything there's nothing to explain. 
JUST EXPLAIN IT TO ME. 
So these bangs, they distributed the money... 
What? 
What did you say? 
Ohhhhhh, okay. I just remembered where I left my keys this morning. 
Ohh, wait. Let me just show you my new cool walk for one second. 
No. 
You don't know who I wrote that to. 
No, no, no, thank you. 
Okay, what did you say? 
Oh there's just nothing left to do but go to a bar and get drunk, I guess. 
Alright, WHY NOT? 
Okay so like the recession is kinda like this girl from back home. She's cute but not too cute but you like hook up with her when you go home for Thanksgiving but like the subprime mess is like, like an old hoodie... 
I don't know. Sometimes people say like metaphors and they make sense, right? 
How random would it be if I just socked you in the face right now? 
So you're saying that subprime lend crisis customer default bank responsibility... 
So you're saying it's all about the Benjamins, baby? 
Wrapped in cake. 
Alright, FINE. 
Teach your children not to hate.  
Please vote! 
It's never too late to vote. 
For next election.  
Because nobody has to go hungry, unless they want to. But even then, it's like a weird gray area, right? Because at which point do you say-- 
I'm Jake.  
(singing) as a kite, I just might, stop to check you out.  
Oh, let's do one where I do a sick-ass cartwheel.  
OK.  
(singing) Baby go on!  
Let's do one where I have the award. (takes the award from Jake) Give it.  
AHH-OW! 
Ow.  
Oh god, I'm really sorry, I don't want to ruin it, but I (sighs) I really hurt. I'm not happy with this. Hehe, I'm not happy with how it turned out.  
I know. (chuckles) I'm trying to be a good sport but it hurts a lot.  
(muttering and singing) Baby, go on, like a blister in the sun. (chuckles) Ah, sheesh.  
OK, y-y-yeah. Ow, hey, I found a perfect spot, don't move me. You can do it, but don't move me. 
That was OK. I think we got it. I think we got everything we need.  
Who are you talking to? 
Wow. That. was. EPIC! (chuckles) Oh my god, Sarah F-T-dub-- 
Exactly! Think about something else for once, like about how you made Sarah cry yesterday.  That'll get your mind off of things, ri-- 
OK, but I'm not hurting. 
OK, I meant physically. 
(lifting Jake's arm) OK, well I'm nervous, I'm sor-- 
OK, you know what? Every beer is my favorite beer, so send it. How do I open this? 
There's a million and sixty pebbles on the beach and you're going to eat all of them, I'm telling you! What is in this? I feel so weird and confident, handsome.  
Call that bitch up, and cuss that bitch out. Straight up! 
OK, well then let me call her, and apologize. (high pitched) 'Cause I just sent her a nasty test mess--(normal) I just sent her a nasty text message from your phone. (holds it up to Pat) 
What are you drunk or something? 
(lifts up a vodka bottle) SHOTS!! (laughs) 
(holding up shot glasses and chanting nonsense)  
I'm scared of death. 
(singing) Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing-- 
(wearing cardboard on his head, eyes closed) You know, me and Jake have been best friends for so long, we've never considered asking a third person to join that mix, Mr. Casselios. Also, I pee-peed in me pants.  
No, I did that before we got in here. I'm just drunk enough to admit it now. 
(singing into beer bottles) Lady in red, is dancing with me-- 
(humping Jake with beer bottle) Pow! Pow! Pow!  
(covering Jake's ears) Oh no, don't let this guy hear! 
(laughing) Yes, I am!  
Let's go. Uh, buh-bye. 
Uh-thank you. Uh-thank you. (they leave, Jake is still sat at the table)  
Before we forget, I'm really, really sorry, I'm going to have to take this. (grabs vodka bottle) You know how pissed Sarah can get. (laughs) Don't wait up!  
(covering Jake's ears) Oh no, don't let this guy hear! 
What's the big deal? I crashed on the couch, you and Pat wrestled or whatever all night. IT WAS AWESOME! 
Speak for yourself. (picks up a glass full of change) There's like $3,000 in here, do you know how much money I could buy with that? (begins pouring the coins slowly through the towel, as though hiding them away, they hit the hardwood, making a lot of noise) Shhh. 
AHH!!  
Hey man, you should stop drinking, I mean, that's not going to get Sarah to want to have sex with you. Although, when Pat did it, it helped a lot-- 
You should've heard them the other night. They were all just like-- 
In change, though, so. You know I'm good for that. 
I mean, didn't beating the shit out of Pat make you feel any better?  
Whoa, sleepover tonight? 
Right, not now. Let's do it later, but you start getting drunk, I'll start calling Patty.  
We will! Thank you. Bye. (to girl) Hi, Pat Cassels, do you like wrestling? 
Jake, Jake, Jake, J-Jake, Jake, J-Jake, Jake. 
And Amir. 
Happy? 
(grabbing Jake, rapping) Uhh, happy holidays, and so grab yourself a hoach-gay. 
Why not? 
So I got you something. 
Uh, you know how you told me the story about when your dad was a kid he had a kaleidoscope and it broke? 
Or, uh, he had a kaleidoscope and he lost it in the snow or something? 
And, like, ever since then you've been trying to find him a kaleidoscope to replace the one that broke? 
(handing Jake small, wrapped cylinder) Anyway, just, just open it, it's gonna shock you to the core. 
Impossible. 
So I'm like what do you get the guy that has everything? Why not cash, the gift certificate to anywhere? 
Yeah, why? Do you think I stole it? 
From an old lady? (Jake sighs, Amir grabs Jake's sweater) This is nice. 
Go home and, (taps crate) you'll appreciate this cage more. 
Just go home and, (taps crate) you'll appreciate this cage more. 
Let me put it in a way you might understand, without giving- 
I got you a wolf. 
Yeah, and I put it in your apartment. 
Ok, just trust me. This year is gonna be different. Just open it, please. 
It's a collar.  
For the wolf! For- FTW. 
For the- it's FTW, for the wolf. 
For the epic wolf. 
(fanning away smoke) I've had the white cheddar ones, I mean they're fine. They're just like- (coughs) They're just like regular Cheez-its.  
Smells like my uncle's car in here.  
Ha, ha. I don't get it. What the hell is going on, you guys?  
Smoke, huh? So you guys are smoking drugs, then?  
(on cell) Hi, 911? Yeah, it's Amir. No, Jake's fine. However, my enemies appear to be smoking marijuanas. That's right, real marijuana, and you know what? Could you please a chopper or a car, but let me know which one because I want to know whether I should escort them to the lobby or the roof.    
Uh, no, they don't appear to be armed. Though I can't be sure . . . Hello?  Hello? (closes phone) OK, they hung up on me 3 minutes ago.  
All right, you know what, forget this! I'm going to McDonald's.  
Huh, all right. You know what, you guys are awesome! Let's go to McDonald's! And hey, tomorrow, the drugs are on me!  
What are you doing?   
That's weird.   
[rapping] Yo so-   
[rapping] Yo so, when it snows my feet they bleed cuz my shoes have holes  I can nay afford socks-o.   
(making a face)   
[rapping] Sometimes when it's super cold out and raining and stuff, I order chinese food and when it comes I don't tip the guy. I just take the food and kick him in the chest. When he lands on the floor I just lock him out, I don't pay for the food or pay for the tip. I make him regret stuff like his life, his job and shee-ot like that-su.   
[rapping] I spent last week in a hospital. What I thought was Flintstones vitamins was actually birth control and I shouldn't have drank the whole botty bottle but I did.   
[rapping] Oh sheesh ya'll t'was a dream!   
[rapping] Nay, it actually happened and it cost me a lot of grief and money.   
[rapping] Just a little queasy, I should take it easy.   
Go. Away.  
(sighs) I knew you'd bring that up! Just leave me the frig alone! 
It's not what you did.  It's what you didn't do.  
Everything! 
So you freaking admit it! 
HA! 
You know exactly what you need to do.  
And it's not sighing loudly into the like EVERYTHING I SAY IRRITATES YOU!!  
Ooo...he's getting warmer. And?  
Ooo...he's on fire. And? 
Ooo, he's fully clothed in a jacuzzi, he's so warm. AND?  
How random would it be? 
Eeeh. Wrong answer. Random as flonk. Bye. (switches light off)  
Woah, check it y'all, this one's about dinosaurs. 
Okay, fine. 
(to Dan) Woah! Text from Jake. 
What? I'm only showing it to people who ask. 
Well, he doesn't know! 
(Mimicking a New York accent) Ay, I'm trying my best here. 
(Still mimicking a New York accent) Ay. 
What, too good to be true? 
(Smiling and waving) Hi, Amir. 
Trick question. 
Well, you want me to say 38, but if I answer that then I'm a math nerd. So, I'll say that I don't know. 
(Nodding) Okay. 
You actually have two (shows three fingers (holding up a shocker, though probably unintentionally). The first one was a shoe salesman in Nebraska, Alan G. Summerville. And the second one, Frederick B. Krick, died as an infant, so your mother actually never found out about him. 
That is,- I'm unsure about that, but I can get back to you and find out, in less than 10 minutes.-- 
The tissue? 
W-(feels tissue in his nose) oh! Oh, my. Okay. (Begins pulling out the tissue, Jake watches in horror) Okay. Woah. This is more than I thought. (Chuckles) Where does it end? (now using both hands to pull out the tissue) I didn't know my nostril was so big, but it's not even ova yet. (Amir continues pulling our more tissue, Jake continues being disguested) This is crazay in my nazay. In my nasal cavity. This is more than I thought. Ha-ha. Woah. Crazy. (the tissue is now more than a foot long, still coming out of his nose) My arms are getting tired. You should even come get the rest out because my arms are too tired to pull-- (JAKE: No) --keep pulling. 
Woah, I think there's a toy soldier at the end of it. 
(pulling a toy soldier away from his nose with the tissue (actually toilet paper at this point) to which it is attached) Uh, there was. (Chuckles) There was a legit toy soldier. Jake. (Amir uses the toy soldier to shoot at Jake) 
Don't re-- Don't record this. Just show them the math question. 
This email you sent me makes no signs whatsoever. 
No science whatsoever? 
Oh... Ok. 
Holy crapiolli... 
Second cousins. 
Well you're my second first cousin... 
It's like CUT the umbilical cord already - gosh. 
Yeah well I'm staying at Jakes. 
In the closet. 
Hey, wait, wait, wait, I'm putting on a mask. 
OK, that's what the mask is for. 
BOO! 
What? I was just scaring you. It's a joke. 
You were legit scared! 
[confused] What hand? 
No. 
[worried] No. 
Yeah right. 
[mildly alarmed] Okaaaay stop! 
OK, I don't want to think about that. 
[still scared] I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! I hate- 
[still crying, shakes his head] No. 
Boo! [laughs] 
Wow 
I got a girlfriend and she's amazing. It's just like, wow, it's just like this thing I guess, I don't know. 
That's probably because we are. 
So 
Oh, don't take a photo of us and Photoshop a heart around us and send an email to the company with that photoshopped heart picture with the subject Love Birds. 
So, yo, this is like a story about 2 best friends and then..    
Ah sheesh!    
(singing Ave Maria)    
Freak me. Wazzup...    
Ugh this is the worst day ever! I have a recital tonight and my vibrato is still weak as shit. It's just this whole embarrassing thing. 
Okay. Now you're gonna make a huge deal out of this because yes I studied at The Avasino Conservatory for Performing Arts in Italy...    
..And yes I busted my ass off for 6 years to go to the top of the class...    
And yes that means I can (singing in high pitch) SIIIIIIIING my butt off! But if you're just gonna come in here and call me names then you know what I'm gonna just quit! Because nothing is worth being-made-fun-of over.     
(interrupting) I got it! (walks out of the room)    
Hey, err... sheesh. Jake— 
No no no, it's fine it's fine. 
Sup! (Drops his keys) Er, ah. 
No, impossible. I don't drop shit, I don't pick shit up; that's kinda my ish. So. 
Haha—(grabs the back of Jake's head and speaks directly into his face) I've never dropped anything, ever. 
Okay. 
He said maybe, sometimes, if you asked politely. 
Okay. 
Neh. 
Neh. 
NEH! 
Nope. 
Ahh, yep, that's coo. That's coo. 
Yeah, righ. 
My regular fly? Or my butt fly? 
Okay, good idea. But, lemme do my butt fly first, and then if we have time I will do my regular one. How does that sound? 
I have to call my landlord, if you must know, because I misplaced my keys this morning. 
Yes. 
It's in my back—front pocket. (Takes the phone out of his back pocket, which is at the front since his pants are on backwards)  It's in my back-front po—(drops his phone) 
Alright, so Jakes password will be something close to his heart. 
Did you try my birthday? 
Oh my gorsh, we're through the looking glass people. 
Okay- 
Lets look through his chat history first. What the freckles?! This son of a beach has been talking junk about me behind my back.  
Oh, yeah I remember now. Before I freak. He so gets me. 
Okay, okay. Now I feel bad. Lets try and find other dirt. Search Dirt. 
What's a beep beep beep beep beep beep beep Popsicle. 
I know..i guess I was just curious.  
Oh my gorsh we are through the looking gla- 
Let me finish!! We are through the looking glass..[picks up jakes toy dinosaur]. dinosaur..hand..so. 
Different phrase, right? 
[is frozen in place Sam pushes him back and he falls.] 
We are here with Sam Reich, who is not only a writer and an actor on the show, heâ€™s also a producer-- 
H-h-hey, come on now. Heâ€™s a producer-- 
--and heâ€™s a director.  
One second, weâ€™re interviewing you, all right? 
(chuckles) A triple threat.  
Threat.  
Iâ€™m going to give you fifty bucks, you give me carte blanche, all access pass to your e-mail. You leave the office, I need inbox, outbox, drafts, trash, what do you say? 
Plum wine?  
OK, eighty dollars to use your iPhone for two minutes.  
Iâ€™m already picking up the iPhone. 
Give me eighty bucks.  
Real quick, I have to call my mom! 
Whoa, Sammy.  
Wow, one week! Sounds super stressful. Plus we have my rap battle scene.  
Whatâ€™s that?  
Yup. Dan, who do you play on the CollegeHumor show?  
Tell us a little bit about your character.  
Well, Sam told me that my character was just me, like Iâ€™m not supposed to exaggerate,  itâ€™s just uh, who I am. (chuckles) Or whatever.  
Yeah.  
W-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-wait, I know-- 
weâ€™re also losing light. 
(to Sam) Ah, we donâ€™t need light! 
OK. 
I know.  
I kn--I know.  
Shhhhh...  
Uh, weâ€™ll be right back! 
All right, we are here with Sarah Schneider, and she is an actress and a writetress on the show.  
Yup. 
Yeah, which guyâ€™s girl are you?  
Spoiler alert! 
Yes, and everyone knows D.P. stands for (holds up a notepad and reads off it) Director of Photography. So, yup. (chuckles) 
And he is-- 
Heâ€™s in charge of the lightning on the set. So.  
Yes.  
But whatâ€™s--First question. Whatâ€™s the difference between thunder and lighting? 
Letâ€™s wake one of them up right now. (goes over to couch) 
Streeter, Streeter we want to interview-- 
N-n-no, you tell me what is it like ruining every single take you are in? Sucking the life out of an otherwise great experience from everyone else? 
You can cut.  
You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut.   
Itâ€™s OK, heâ€™s OK, heâ€™s OK.  
Have you ever been struck by lighting? 
I mean just like straight up a lighting bolt just (imitates getting struck by lightning) 
What?  
I hate it when you look at me like Iâ€™m stupid.  
Come on, letâ€™s go, Jake. 
Letâ€™s go.  
Weâ€™ve already got another interview lined up with someone better.  
We canâ€™t use this. Iâ€™m telling you right now weâ€™re not going to use this.   
Yes we do.  
So basically youâ€™re just the guy that holds the camera, right?  
Vinny Peone, a glorified human tripod. 
Yeeyuuhh. 
(rapping) I figure we, do five minutes of freestyle, and make it off top of my dome, and I-- 
No.. 
Well, when you put me on the spot, it's like-- 
Ok. 
(rapping) Yo. Your beat is crummy and I can't rap to it, (Jake stops) it sucks so, it's over, yo. (stops rapping) So. I don't know. 
Well.. Yeah, you can't give me-- you- you gave me no tools, and you were expecting me to build-- 
Okay, fine. 
Oh, you guys are having your International Convention, and the theme is The Future Is Now! 
Yeah..-- 
If the future's now, then what's tomorrow? 
New theme--is it too late to bring it up? 
Ok. 
The- History Is Now! That way, it's a little more believable because-- 
Ok, the future. You do a three p- and then the fut- and then the present, is- yeah. You just rotate all three. I dunno. Use it if you want, or if you don't, whateva. Just like-- 
Ok. 
Alright, this is why that doesn't make sense. 
Let's say it's just- you're just one person. Can you do anything.. 
--No. Okay. What? 
Not alone; you have to be able to get.. at least ten thousand people to do it with you, right? 
How do you..--- 
What if you're in a car? All of a sudden, you're not making many steps, right? (JAKE That's.. vaguely racist, and I don't think we should--) yes, they're smart, but, we can be better than that. And it takes.. just one person, to make it-- 
What? That's- When you say it like that it's mean, and that's not what I meant. We can be just as good as they are. 
Not at math! 
And don't just use this weekend to hook up with other people (JAKE 
What? 
Fresh- What? I was-- 
Nah. I mean I was twenty-five, and I knew that that was-- 
Yes. W-- 
It hasn't happened yet. 
I'm waiting for the right time. NOT the right girl; I'll kiss anybody-- 
[is frozen in place Sam pushes him back and he falls.]  
Hey, y'all. You're watching Jake and Amir i'm thinking of a number one to ten. 
It was 12. 
I heard you were sick so I brought you soup.  
But then i remembered laughter was the best medicine so I threw the soup away, funny right? 
Hey! Let me in. [Barges passed Jake.] Whoa, suit huh? What's the for? 
Oh [looks at table] is that a ressume? 
Yeah, man. We're just worried about you at work you know how it can get over there- Think fast! [throws book at Jake] 
Aha! 
I don't know. 
[throws numerous more books] 
Job interview?! 
[whispers] oh,  got it. 
[Frowns and gives Jake a questioning gesture.] 
[laughs and does it too,] Jake [does it some more while twirling. 
[eyes go wide and he runs into Jakes bathroom and closes the door behind him. Gets out phone] Hey, Sam, it's me. You're never going to believe this. Jake is much sicker than we thought. 
[in bathroom on phone to sam] Yeah no interview. Just sickness. 
Hi, and welcome to the one thousandth episode of Jake and Amir 
Okay, but it's close. 
(on a bed with his laptop) Woah! Hello?  Je-je-Jake Jake Jake.  Don't hang up. 
(high) Sup! 
I'm at home.  For the first time of my life, I am finally at- 
Oh, I hate to keep explaining myself, but when I say home, I mean YOUR home. 
Well, I'm almost done, I'm up to 3 random things about me. 
28 to go. 
(walking down the street) I'm coming. 
What's up?  I left your door unlocked. 
Are you mad at me? 
Is it in Spanish? (smiles and chuckles) 
(stops smiling) So, it's not. 
Leaving what? 
If you're gonna call me in here for a practical joke, make sure it's at least funny. 
I know what you're trying to do, and it's not funny anymore. 
When do we start? 
Ouch. 
So, have fun, and good luck.  
(starts to talk through sadness) You know what?  What if I don't do the high-pitched voice anymore?  Then, will you stay? 
(In high-pitched voice, through tears) This'll be the last time.  This'll be the last time.  (normal voice) Jake, this will- 
(still through tears) You don't have to sit across from me anymore.   
We'll go talk to Ricky.  You don't have to sit across from me anymore, I know you hate that. 
(still through tears)  Then, stay...stay... 
No! 
Two more... 
...and the stairs. 
Alright, don't tell me what to do! 
What, you're gonna take his side? 
Uh, the Beatles, uh Beastie Boys, uh Busta Rhymes... what do these guys have in common? It's... 
...four. 
The-- four. They all had four different people. You guys have three. 
Which is close. Like, how do you guys envision getting to that next, the fourth person, and-- 
The Beatles, 
The Busta Rhymes, and the Beastie Boys. 
Okay 
I could do both. 
That was a bit out of beat. 
Ok. 
Yeah Jorm, you understand that you're sittin next to my.. old.. best friend-- 
Ok. Ahh shee-- 
(rapping loudly) Five o'clock in the morning, I hear the phone ringing (points to Jorm) 
Whaddup son, sorry boy you sleeping? 
Okay. 
So that's one. And then if I'm in that's two. So, it's like fifty-fifty at this point. 
Down the road, I join the group. 
Whatever, ok, that.. becomes a thing. 
Let's say I start feuding with Jorm over here. 
We're down to three again, which is fine... 
My question is, do we still need that fourth? And if so... (points to Jake) my guy right here. 
Ok 
Sure. 
Ok. 
That's a bit of an understatement, don't you think? 
What?! God, no. Why? 
OK, I'm not going to stand here and listen to you talk smack behind his back. 
Yes, Sarah, it is. Gay means bad, like if I wanted to insult your shoes and they were bad or whatever I'd be like Hey, you have  gay shoes. You have gay shoes. 
I know. What does that mean? 
So you think Mike's a woman? Trust me, he's not. 
Oh hey Mike. I was just leaving. 
Sure, meet you in the men's room. 
For sure. 
Hey Jake, it's Amir, I hope you don't mind, I put this song on your iPod. It's about your name so... J is Jake and A is for  
nope, you ruined it. 
Hey Mike, can I talk to you about something? 
Sarahs trying to start a rumor that you're gay... 
Yeah! I didn't know what that meant either. I guess gay has an alternate definition where like even though you're not a woman, right? 
Right, so even though you're not a woman you still want to have sex with me? 
alright, so now I am confused. You are a woman? 
to be my friend? 
what? 
i thought we were partners.. 
Yeah? 
So? 
[high pitched] is that what that was? 
So we're not best friends. 
Shhhh! 
okay..relax. 
[snorts] 
[shrugs] so? 
well..im not going to leave.. 
Follow me on twitter, y'all. 
Please. 
(on phone) Jake, hey, uhh it's Amir. I just, I guess give me a call when you get this. I wanted to see what was going on... 
SUUU-errr-hey. Do you- Are you interested in a dinner, tonight? With me? 
I mean, we don't have to, like wherever you want is fine- 
Yeah, it was weird. 
Ughaiegahaaaei 
Sorry, I freaked out. 
Hey Jake, uh, can you print out those files for three or for me for the clock meeting, uh cool, thank you. 
Sure thing. 
Alright Jakie, now that you're back, let's go over some quick ground rules. 
Alright, rule the first, you do what I tell you to, when I tell you to do it, why I tell you to... do it. 
Okay... Rule number two, you eat healthy food for me, so that I can continue eating garbage, junk food... 
Thank you, but you're not going to get out of this that easily. Rule tree, err, rule three. Sorry, I said tree instead of three. I meant to say three. 
Okay, rule four. 
You show up at seven AM to do my work before even beginning your work. 
It's not my problem anymore. That's my work. 
What is it non-boss? 
Impossible. 
Huh. So... 
No. No. NO! NOOO!!! Ugh, I mean yes yes yes YES! 
No, I... yeah I don't not... ohhh. This is not hurting my brain. 
No! Yes! Uh, maybe! 
Oh, my nose is not bleeding. 
No you're not! listen guys everything you know is a lie! 
Supper! 
I'm at home. on my land line. 
Indeed-o. It's part of my fax. 
No sheesh.  
[calls] Leron get off the line! I'm using it! Use line two! 
yeah one for the internet, oh crud i just realised he's going to disconnect me. 
300 free hours boyy. 
wait! i called you for a reason right? 
yeah, well i meant to say prison. Clink, the lock up. 
That was my warden. 
will you just come over? 
How many times do I have to ask?! 
Just fax me when you leave work please [hangs up] Leron! You better remember which chat room we were in I was this close [holds up his forfinger and thumb one inch appart] to cyber kissing a girl. 
Hey-uh, can I talk to you for a second? 
Um,I  just got back from the doctor and he said that I was very sick actually. 
Yeah, he thinks I may have March (shouting)  Madness! Fever! And pneumonia! 
Alright the bracket is a lot like the SATs. They penalize  for wrong answers. That's why I leave a lot of these blank, okay? 
60. 
I've been crunching the numbers, Jake. 
(Raises voice) Why can't you just say that's impressive? 
Dun, dun, dun! Dramatic Chipmunk. 
Wow, four number one seeds in the final four. Very risky. (Amir rolls his eyes and chuckles to himself) 
Hey, no matter what happens in this bracket, you and me, we're gunna stay friends for forever, okay? Hey look at me! (Amir gestures his two finger at his eyes.) 
Nothing changes, okay? 
Alright! So the elite 8 I have Scanson,  Portland State, blank, blank, Butler, blank. 
Dun! Dun! Du- 
Hanh? 
Binghamton. Duke. Binghamton is definitely gunna be upset. 
They're going to be upset that they lost and who wouldn't be? 
(Sighs) Can I tell you somethin', man? 
Ah, is it too late to change my final four? 
Okay, good. I wanna make it a final six. 
Ah sheesh. When was that due? 
(Circling his bracket) Portland state, no it's not. Cleveland state, no it's not. Utah state (looks at Jake) no it's no- 
Uh, Florida state. 
Sheesh, okay. Oklahoma? 
I know. I was lucky. I didn't know. I was just guessing. 
I'm thinking 74-60 blank for the tie-breaker score? (Amir repeatedly clicks his pen) 
(Drawing large circle on his bracket) Wa-wa-wait. Where are we watching the round of 32? 
(Calling out to Jake) Okay! I wanna watch my blanks, though! Blanks for the wolf! For the epic wolf. 
Sure. 
Oy, you're watching Jake and Amir, and we filmed this in Spain! (somewhat Australian accent) 
Jake, I am about to say something that's gonna blow your mind. Give me like, ten minutes. 
Ekaj. 
What? 
For sure, for sure. 
I know, absolutely. 
(in a silly voice) I love baseball. (laughs). Yeah, I love baseballs. I love all the baseballs too, so. 
Yeah? 
Yeah. My-he's-me-the-bom--he's the bomb. At his position, for his price, he's the number-one bomb. 
I hate him. I hate.. him. He's like--ugh, nobody; the only person who hates him more than you is me, and that's saying a lot.. of.. stuff-- 
He's good. I like him just fine, I was just.. Once you think about it you start to like him more and then I started to think about him and nowIllowIllike him. 
It tastes like a mouth.. it's like a mouthfull of buttholes in my mouth. It tastes like acid. 
I think it tastes like delicious acid. 
Yeah, I think it tastes like delicious ass, is what I meant. 
I said acid but I meant--Yeah in a bad way, an awful way--I mean, can you--(raising his voice in frustration) for crying out loudly, can you STOP?! 
You keep like chan- I dunno you're like a flip-flopper and then I can't decide what I like, because you're always all over the place. 
Yes. 
Right, obviously. 
Yes, when I steal yours it makes us better friends because we have the same opinion, I mean what don't you GET? 
(exasperated) Oh, my g--(sarcastic) Okay, let me formulate my own opinions, right? And then maybe if they match we can POSSIBLY bes- I mean just listen to myself it sounds like CRAZY-- 
There are 12 codes throughout this video 
Oh! Gorsh damnit! 
Who was that?  That was a weird convo. 
Oh. My. God. This is (shrieks) 
You hear it's like a fairytale right? But when it actually happens to friend's friend's sister, it's just like oh my god! I'm trembling, feel my heart. (extends arm out to Jake) 
I'm sorry, I have to text my parents. 
Oh you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right! I'm soory, I'm just thinking like a mile a minute now. 
Oh this is so exciting. But do you actually know what's gonna be more exciting? 
The bachelorette party! 
Oh god, I'm thinking about a male stripper giving blowjob lessons, can you imagine that? 
Oh my God. She has to plan. Does she know where? Does she even have a date? (yelling) Does she even have a bleep date?! 
Haha probably not cause it just happened! It just happened! 
Yeah, just oh my gosh! The thought of her having like sex with only one person for the rest of her life. Uuuh I just, I guess this is what they call cold feet right? 
I donno, it's just like everything's one way and then all of a sudden 1 question later, everything's just shwosh, the complete opposite. 
She wants a divorce. Oh my God, she wants a divorce! 
Ok, this is weird for her alright. You don't have to make it worse! 
And Jakes phone number is 2-1-0-3- 
[snorts] No. 
Oh! By the way did you see what Jake was wearing today? 
uh, i don't know what that is but it was a sweater with buttons going down. 
Why did you say it then? 
We'll stop being a educated quest and started being a...so. 
only if jake says no to me. 
Super duper [both laugh.] 
Hey, I should do that with Jake, remind me? 
My parents will drive us if your parents will pick us up. 
[laughs] oh yeah i forgot. 
[same weird voice] They died in a plane crash 
[normal voice] They died in a plane crash, right? 
Right. You know what sucks? 
When you have ab est friend and he never wants to hang out with you. 
I have Jake. 
Right. 
Dude, I don't even know what your birthday is. 
Don't tell me! Now i might forget Jakes. 
[silence] 
no! And only talk to me through the headset! 
Hey, hey Jake when I say 'super' you say- 
No sam STFU. 
Hi, you're watching Jake and Quincy. 
I'm Jake. 
Hey Pat you're a dummy ass, so. Did you hear that? 
Mean to him? I was insulting him. 
Yeah, definitely, yes, of course! 
We're all basically on a level playing field, right? So I make people feel worse about themselves, suddenly 'hey, this is pretty neat, I'm like a good guy all of a sudden' I feel better about myself when I put other people down. It like masks my insecurities. 
Dinner tonight? 
Can't, either, me neither., so...Jake and now you ask me why. 
Good question. 
I'm doing the Master's Cleanse. 
No no, that's the Master's Cleanse. 
Yeah. I'm doing the Master's Master Cleanse. Which is nothing. No food, no water, for masters, by masters, four masters. 
No, no, no, no, no. Sorry. Two weeks. 
Yes, correct. 
Yes. 
Yes. 
I've been eating unhealthy, right, for like ever, always. Yeah forever. Yeah yeah.  So like, now I don't eat anything for 21 days. 
Right. And all of a sudden, hey! I'm in ship shape now, I'm completely healthy,  I'm cleansed. And I can re-introduce all the bad stuff that I've been eating, only make it worse. Suddenly my options are more limitless, like I can have bacon fat, or butter fat, or carrot sticks DIPPED in milk,  DIPPED- 
Ok. 
Keep on hating, J. Witz, because what you say strengthens my resolve. Thanks for making me a fighter. 
Nah. 
And you don't have to call me out on it. 
Jake, do you want a chip? 
What? 
(laughs) That depends. Are you impressed? 
OK, so no. I don't know-I don't know what a youtube thing is.  
That's weird.  
'Cause I just failed a gallon challenge yesterday. My cousin Leron was filming it. What are the odds of that?! 
This is funny, right? 
OK. 
I know! That's why I'm going to delete it right now. 
Oh. OK, so what should I do? 
Yeah, I should put it on Digg. What's Digg then? 
Oh. OK. So do that, woman. 
Sorry. 
OK. Easy. 
Good idea. 
Epic sou-OK, that sounds like a big deal though. 
Oh, OK. 
Sweet! All right, can you upload photos too? Because I've got one of Jake pi-ossing. 
Hey Jake, check it out. (singsong) It's my dick in a box! 
Oh, my god!! What the heck is your problem?!  
OK, it was away. It was in a box. 
I don't know who you are, so I can't guess, right? 
Well, I've heard nothing about you.  
Ho-oh, really? You haven't seen each other since you were negative four then?  
(gibberish) 
So . . .  
Pay stubs? (an orange is thrown at Amir) God! Uh, he keeps them in Connecticut, in his house, in a safe. 
Oh. 
Uh. 
Yeah. I have to call Jake, I totally forgot but I have to call--  
No. 
Jake. Dinner tonight. Right now! Trust me.  
No, I'm not-- 
(sighs) 
OK, I didn't throw THROW THAT!  This time. Sorry. Uh, I shouldn't yell. OK, just, uh, so frustrating.  
I know.  
So, how was dinner last night with your long lost bro?  
Sounds good. Sounds expensive but it was good.  
Can't prove that. Why was it expensive? 
He doesn't have any money?  
Insanely good business idea?  
OK. That's MY idea, BITCH! 
But you said it was insanely good? 
My brother?  
Your brother? 
Jake, I don't think Kumail is the trustworthy guy you think he is.  
Yeah, so . . .  
Yes, but have I ever lied to you? 
OK, shut up!  
Frine! 
I don't know, why don't you ask your brother. He seems to know everything! 
You're a bitch!   
You're the bitch.  
You're a ... bitch's bitch. 
How's your business plan? 
You know he trusts you. 
What's you goal-I mean, what's your goal here, I guess.  
I-I get it, I guess. I just, I don't know, I never, I didn't-I didn't know what the scheme was.  
Yeah, tell me about your scheme-- 
Jake, can I, uh, actually speak to you tonight, in private, please?  
How was your weekend? 
Oh, rightrightright, you went camping with Kumail, right? How was that? 
That sounds awesome, man.  
Where's Kumail right now?  
Definitely. 
Hey, you're probably camped out, from going camping uh this weekend, but if you wanted to go with me sometime-- 
Cool.  
(to the tune of Do Re Mi Fa) Doe, Amir, a female mir 
(crying) You said you would at least try! 
AAAH! Hah, head magnets! Hah. Ah, I was just thinking about our camping trip. 
It was.. insane. 
I just lost myself in the wilderness, you know? 
(yelling) Ok I was THIRSTY! 
What are you working on? 
It sounds amazing, I just- I just don't know... 
No I just don't know.. what it is. 
Can I choose who I get? 
Well I just don't want a stupid one. 
What if I get one, and it can't talk? 
How are you gonna have time to do this with our daily summer barbecue and Yu-Gi-Oh! sessions coming up?-- 
What? 
Oh, maybe I can be your little brother. 
I'm gonna teach my little bro everything my old man never taught me. 
Like how to-- Oh, like how to fill up gas, or how to swing on a swing, or swing a bat, or how to brush.. hair OR teeth-- 
Who do I have to cuss out to get two little brothers, you know?-- 
(continuing his list) ...how to impress others, how other can impress you, magic... the Gathering, and just regular magic... 
(staring seriously at Jake) I'm gonna use the C word. 
(continuing his list) ...or how to laugh, or how to chew, how to wipe... 
Huh ok you're right, too soon, don't force it, UNLESS-- 
If I have to pay even one cent to this program then I don't wanna do it, you know? 
(loudly) Not one...... nickel. (winces in hope of being right) 
(yelling) FU-- 
(rapping) Alright let's say day one doesn't go according to plan, so I plan to ditch this little bugger, is that kosh? 
(rapping) Yo, that ain't enough from discouraging me from signing up, messin' up his little life-- 
Oh my gosh, look at us. (laughing) We're in the prime of our youth, and we're talking about helping out little kids! We should be getting laid! 
Where are you going? Are you going to get laid? Get me one! 
Oh my God you are a f**king dumb c*t! 
We're dead. 
(taking off hood and mask) I don't think you heard me; I said... We're goners. 
So you did hear me... 
Right.. OH, what does it matter? I've got swim flu... 
Wine flu... 
Sure. 
I may or may not have open-mouth French kissed a pig snout while he sneezed into my mouth. 
Yeah. 
I don't know, I was just—I guess I was watching the news and falling asleep, and they're like Salads are good for you! or This is bad for you! and This is salads are good—I don't know, I guess I mixed it up because I haven't had a salad since and [Jake: (listening) Okay.]—WHAT DOES IT MATTER, I'm gonna die! 
Leron has one. 
Well, no... He—I don't know, I don't think so... 
Yeah... ugh. 
All right, I was sitting down, eating a sandwich... 
OKAY, I was standing up, eating a sleeve of wafer cones, Mom. 
Sure. And then, I don't know, I fell asleep, and then I woke up, and somewhere in the middle I guess I fucked a pig. 
I know, I'm just thinking worst-case scenario here. 
Oh.. my god. So, well, we're hanging out, so this might be Heaven. 
Okay, quick little test 
(sad) I know! 
So right off the bat--ninja star! 
Right off the bat, you're just trying to act cool in front of Jeff. 
Ah, sorry, one second, I was texting. I--I wasn't listening. 
Okay, it's very hard. Thanks for calling me out on it. 
Shut the FU-- 
I'll be green too. Jake and I are on the same team. 
Well, if you wanna be green, then yeah we are. 
I'll be white too. 
Ooh, can I be the banker? 
Hold on a second. Uh, Jake, you are amazing and I appreciate you a lot.  
Sure. Uh, you're perfect in every way, and I wouldn't change anything about you. Jeff, continue explaining-- 
Sure. 
Yeah, yeah, he's great. 
Okay, that was a typo, it was supposed to be an exclamation point. I was excited. 
I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat-- 
Sorry, I'm having a hard time figuring out which one of these are houses and which one of these are candies. 
Right right right. My teeth hurt. 
All right, this move's a real game changer, so watch out! 
(flips the board) Don't act like you didn't expect that to happen. 
(singing) You'll fix everything by just being here-ah! (points at Jake; speaking) So. That one's called When You're Having a Bad  
You're familiar with it? That's it? 
(satisfied) I was. 
Yeah? 
As a band, where do you foresee us going (air quotes) from here? 
ONE SECOND, Bradlin. Sorry. 
Okay, here's the problem. Usually, I'm rocking that thing, the guitar with the four strings. 
The paste, yeah. Usually I'm on the paste, and it's just like— 
I said the bass. 
One second, Bradlin. Sorry, but nobody's talking to you. 
Yeah, I know, I know. 
Okay, okay, okay, eff him. You know what? ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR! (points at Jake) 
(frustrated grunt) Okay, band meeting, one second. (The band huddles together for a meeting.) All right, who here wants to get  signed? 
So that's one. 
Great. (Turns back to Jake.) We are Jake and the Amirs! 
Thank you, Bradlin. 
Bradlin. 
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR! 
(singing) If you're on a boat that you're paddling, horse that you're saddling, if you're on the stage then your name better be  Bradlin— 
That was very bad. Let me do the singing from now on, ready? (clears throat) One, two, three—you're right. 
She's soft.  
Chewy... 
She's soft and chewy.  
Chocolate chips... 
Yeah, blue chocolate chips or whatever.  
Hard to get. 
Will you just put it down?!  
Will you just put it down please?! 
Just put it down! 
(stretches and reaches for the cookie) I'm just gonna stretch it out- I'm just gonna straight up eat this because- 
(bites cookie and spits it out) Ah, God. Empty calories. I just saved you from- 
You're hurting me. 
You're hurting me! You're hurting me, you're hurting me. (Jake backs off) Um... 
Uh, no, I'm sorry, I should not have done that, I ate your cookie. 
Uh, no, we're good. Hey! We're good.  
Ahh! One second. Let me... 
Everything.. so..just.. uh, you don't have to, I'll just- 
Buy my cordless phone on eBay, y'all. 
Hey. 
Yeah, definitely. 
Pshh, no! I don't let anybody talk to me, like any way, ever. 
Develop a secret handshake with me. 
Great idea! (He gets up and starts walking to Ricky's office, smiling largely.) 
Right. (he turns around and continues the conversation, standing up now.) 
Me. (as though Jake had asked him to choose) 
Yah! I deserve-, everything! 
You're right. I don't deserve anything. 
Right. Sure. 
Ricky 
Streeter. 
(exhales) I'm ready. 
(exasperated) Okay will you just tell me what to do because I don't GET IT anymore! 
Done! 
Um... poorly. So. 
Yeah, I mean, at least I got more money out of it, plus he begged me to stay, so it's not so bad. 
Yeah, he said it would cost more money to like find a replacement, so he just doubled my salary. Sorry I didn't get to quit like you told me. 
(mockingly, as though it's obvious) Because I have money now, I can just buy new stuff. 
Jake I'm richer than you. 
Call me Richard. (he does the smile) 
Listen up boyees, I'm gonna tell you a riddle. 
Deal. 
It hurt more than it looked like it did, okay! Why did this happen to me! Why... 
So obviously Jake is sick today.  
Anyway, I've been looking for an understudy, or whatever. Someone to like, fill in his shoes when he can't make it to work.   
Heh, one second Pat. (to Sam whispering) Cut me off again, and I will ban you from this project.  
Anyways, you guys both have scripts so why don't we just get this party started and don't perform into the camera.  
NEXT! 
All right, thank you, Streeter. Are you willing to shave your beard for this? 
Write down definitely. 
Just read the script.  
That was actually really good. 
Don't talk out of character. 
(sighs) I'm sorry, I'm just not feeling it. 
NECK! 
This is terrible. Not one actor among these fools.  
Could you imagine you as my friend, even for like a day? 
Freak. 
Uh, one second. I'm just WRITING-Ugh, (wrapping cord around controller) I was writing an e-mail but now I'm dead, so.  
Oh. I'm dea..what? Why? What? 
N-n-no. 
Yeah, I don't even know what that means, so how could I be doing it?  
One second. 
Correct. 
Can you just shut your pretty mouth and beat this e-mail for me?  
One. (glaces down and back) Two-three-four. (glances down and back) Five.  
OK, you didn't say that. You have to specify, right? 
I'll show you one hand, how's that? And then, when I'm done with that, I'll show you my other hand.   
(sighs) Dang it.  
One second, hardest part, coming right up. Right here. 
Jake, remember how you told me to hire a fating coach to hit on girls better?  
Okay. Sheesh. (Ben Schwartz Amir rolls up in rolling chair.)  
Amir Blumenfeld, how are you? AMIR 
Everybody's name is Amir Blumenfeld, it's not a big deal. What's your name?  
Bad example. Okay what are we into guys? Guys or girls, guys or girls? WHat are you into?  
Guys. WHat are you into?  
Girls, then. 
That would leave you with girls, right? AMIR 
For your two thousand dollars- AMIR 
I'm going to get you to have sex with any girl you want in here.  
I don't want to have sex with any girl here.  
(Slaps Amir) You got to go up to her, you got to insult her.You have to make her feel like she made a mistake in life.  
I don't have a lot of experience of whatever, but i feel like a good way to do it is to be nice and st-  
Who's wearing the backwards hat? AMIR 
Who's wearing the backwards hat?  
You are.  
Okay, okay. Watch this, watch this. I'm going to be kind to you, see what happens. Hey, Amir, that's a really nice looking sweatshirt.  
Thank you, I appreciate that.  
Amir, I fucking hate that sweatshirt.  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay I see I'm more attracted to you now.  
Of course. Okay, I want you to point to any girl here and I will guarantee you for those twenty thousand dollars you'e paying me-  
Twenty?  
I will get that fruit loop fuck of yours in that sweet salmonberry's whole any time you want. (Amir points at robot.)  
That is a robot.  
Sure. (Points at Jake)  
He might be into it, you have to ask hime- JAKE 
That is a plant, let's try to find something with life and moves... (Points at Hallie)  
Ah, noooo.  
Ah, yes. 
Ah, definitely no.  
Yes, that is the reaction that I lok for when a guy likes a girl he usually screams and makes his eyes look weird, okay? hat's your girl.  
I've been with- I've- We- We were together.  
I'm not listening to you don't you remember I never listen to you. Go get it, okay? Go get it. (Whispers into Jake's neck) Crazy, crazy 2009 with the bomb and everything. (Jake laughs uncomfortably)  
Hello Hilarie.  
Hallie. Sure. Whatever. Uh, your shoes look like garbage today.  
So..  
(Into Jake's neck) That, you see that? That was called negging, what that is called that is called negging...  
(No shirt on) I'm just standing out, making you notice me. Is it working?  
Boom perfect. Peacocking. Do you see what he just did? Standing out. Every girl wants him right now.  
Fuck yeah.  
WHere are you going to lunch?  
Oh! Haha. 
What? AMIR 
 
Same name.  
Everybody's name. What's your name?  
Remember how you told me to hire a dating coach to help me hit on girls better? 
Sure. 
I've.. been, I've-- we were.. toge-together-- 
(clears throat) Amir. Whoa, that was weird. 
I think I shouldn't be wearing a shirt, remember? 
Ah! What's that? 
I don't get that! Whenev-- 
Ladies. 
(unbuttoning his shirt) Yeah, that was a weird thing. 
Peacocking! One second! 
(to Ben Schwartz) Whoa! Amir. A word. 
K, what the heck was that? 
--you being nice to her, and you just told me not to be--) 
Always, with the things I don't get, I don't know metaphors... 
Chicken nuggets, P.O.D., Freddy Got Fingered,-- 
Hi, Hallie, hmhm (awkward laugh) Uh, everyone-- (the camera reveals that Amir is not wearing a shirt) --sorry, everyone is asking me to be one way, or.. another, and, I'm just-- I can't do that anymore, I just have to be honest with you. 
I think you're a stupid ugly bitch, and I hate your shoes. (clenches his face and crosses his fingers in suspense, while Hallie looks away slowly) 
So do you wanna... What do you wanna do, do you wanna go on a date, or hug me, or.. how does that work out? 
Some alone time. Totally cool. I need my space too. 
Raise your hand if you saw Aladin 
What movie?.. 
Hey bro thanks for hanging out Saturday night. Favorite part? great question I'll go first. How bout when you ditched the fuck out of me. 
Ok I was hungry and thanks for responding to my text message. 
O you mean this at 10 
Hey dude off to my friends house, talk to you Monday. 
Ok 10 
O and then 1 am Jakey finally shows up. Hey best friend. 
Hey dude, going to sleep. Talk to you Monday.  
Ah, wrong video, wrong video. 
How are you enjoying the silent treatment, Jakey? 
Well, that'll be the last time today, so... [Amir looks to Sarah.] Sarah, will you let Jake know that this is gonna be the last time that I'm gonna talk to him today? 
Sarah, now will you tell Jake that I'm interested in hearing what he did last night, who he ate dinner with, what he had for dinner, who he was with, why he wasn't at home, or et certa. 
Okay, I didn't say that, Jake. 
Ah! Sarah, okay, uh, tell Jake that you were kidding earlier when you were talking about me not knowing how to say stuff. 
HA! In your dreams, bitch. [Sarah makes an Uh, okay. face.] Err, sorry, tell Jake that I said, Ha, in your dreams, bitch, and then let me know what he says... Let me know if he laughs or whatever. 
Whoa, that's weird; Sarah, is a window open? Because I just heard a draft. [Sarah rolls eyes.] Sarah. 
Okay! [Amir clasps and claps hands.] Silent treatment on Sarbear then. [Short silence follows.] Jake, will you ask Sarah if she heard a draft? 
Sheesh Louish, okay, Pat, will you let Jake know that Sarah is now suffering my silent wrath, and that you'll be the one who— 
Oh, FINE! (looking around office) Uhhh, QUINCY, will you let Pat know that if he's not gonna be here anymore, then he should tell me because— 
All right! New game 
Jinx! HA! Now both of you guys can't talk, so... [Jake and Sarah ignore Amir in silence.] ...Guys? Do you guys hear a draft? ...Quincy? [Screen cuts to black.] QUINCY! 
Hey, babe.  
Wow, you're not my MOM! So...dinner tonight? 
YOU JUST SHUT the f-f-front door...sorry. Dinner tonight? 
OK, just tell me which McDonald's we're going to and keep in mind that three of them won't have me back so to speak, and you know that!  
Oh, I've been there.  That's that place where they have that thing where if you cuss at your waitresses you get free drinks.  
Yes it is.  
Yeah, I mean, it's not like this special deal that they advertise, it's like this special audio coupon that you can cash in. I'm surprised you didn't know that. 
I mean, it's not like this physical coupon or whatever. It's like the same thing about like when you go to a restaurant and you order something that they don't have on the menu but they'll still give it to you, if you openly weep and you like throw a fit.  
Yeah, like a tempa-tension.  
No, you can't do it often! You can only do it once at every restaurant in the city. I mean, do you really not know that?  
Nah, don't feel bad. I mean, these ones are tame compared to the ones my cousin Leron cashes in.  (laughs) He cashed in this one coupon --  
I'd do it a lot more, if I wasn't so afraid of smelling, tasting, seeing waitress blood and stuff like that. 
Sorry about that, babe. 
There he-I is! 
Why? It's not President's Day, is it? 
Oh, bro! Whoa, why? I don't know though, bro. What? 
I went to Blockbuster, I rented N64 and Snowboard Kids, why? Do you want to come over or something? 
No. 
Uh, yeah, I don't- I honestly don't remember. Did we? Oh. 
Ah. 
Yeah! I think so. This is awesome!  
Yeah, definitely. Why? How much though? 
Yeah! I knew that! I could drink more than that.  
Oh yeah, we had the gymnastics. 
Yeah, they call me the gym guzzler, yo.  
OK. (goes to leave) 
Oh.  
(swaying) Yeah. 
Sure. (faces wall as if that's the girl) 
Ugh! 
I do, uh, yeah. 
Stupid B.  
(motioning as if there's a bouncer there) No!  
(now motioning to an invisible boyfriend) Hey, man! No, no, no. 
OK, I only have a twenty. But why don't you take it, and you don't tell anybody about last night, twice.  
You're going to cab it.  
Gimme a J! 
Okay, I was spelling my name. 
Ah. 
(Singing to the tune of Hey Jude) Hey dude, don't make it brr! (not knowing the words) 
I'm just settling this area, making sure that everything is like... under... control... 
(taking off earphones) Huh? 
Sorry? 
Ooooh, yeah! (laughs) 
Have you ever heard of eBay? 
It's like an electronic bay... 
No. Well, I tried to. Def tried to. Tried to get some big players, big things, lots of bucks. Almost sold your computer for 10K.  Split two ways, how does that sound? 
(streches his mouth's corners as to show unconfidence) 
Well, at first I didn't sell it, true. But then, lowered the price, you know. (Begins speaking in British accent) Sans reserve,  no reserve, got lots of more fishies, reeled a couple in, made some deals. 
Oh yeah yeah, I meant like, the prices were so low I was practically giving them away. So it was like... it was like a steal, you 
Sure, stole it and sold it brotha, I mean it's highway robbery, you know? What are we even arguing about anymore? I can't even  remember! 
(rubbing hands) Alright, problem-o solved-o! 
Alright, will you just go through your day like you normally would and then, if you happen to stumble upon a problem we'll take  it from there, we'll cross that river when we get to it, okay? 
Alright, right off the bat you usually get some water before you turn your computer on, so it doesn't look like you're stumbling  through your day like you normally would, right? 
(winks and makes a sound with his mouth) 
(whispering towards Jake) We're in the clear! (winks and makes the sound with his mouth) 
(whispering towards Jake) No way he's believing that. (makes the sound with his mouth once more) 
(whispering towards Jake) No way. (makes the sound with his mouth several times) 
Hey. 
So then I'll all like, 'All right, everybody, hit the flippin' gr-floor.' And it's just's like (grabs at button down and pulls a bit) Ahhhhhh! 
(holds closed the top of his shirt) What's on it-what's on my-- 
Impossible. 
Well, it was very, very, very difficult. 
Not yet. Trust me.  
OK-ok-ok-ok-ok. (begins unbuttoning shirt) 
I know, I know, I just, whatever it is, I'll take it, you know? 
Like you didn't know.  
Basically, I thought I'd come in here, everybody would start losing their sheesh once they realized it's my halfie, and then instead of quelling them down 'cause everyone is so loud and stuff, I'd just remove my shirt and the message is displayed.  
Well, I know. That's why I got Leron to write on my back, 'Thanks again everybody, sorry for making a scene but this is an office so let's all relax.' 
What do you mean? 
Yeah! But everything was all backwards so it was difficult to read.  
I know,  I thought it was a letter. 
Then I thought it was a letter.  
I'm going to f***ing kill Leron if there's an arrow on my back, I swear.  
Your hair looks amazing. 
Oh, by the dubs, you're coming over tonight, cuz I rented Kate  Leopold. 
Two movies for the price of one, son.   
Okay, you're gonna feel real bad about the decision if I try to hurt mysel-woah, I have that shirt. 
No, I said I have that shirt myself. I do. 
So. 
(rapping) When did you decide to put it on?  When did you decide to put it on? (normal) Eh heh heh.  When d'you decide to put on that shirt? 
Both-ish, answer, though. 
(high-pitched) Aaah. 
(high-pitched) Aaah. 
(rapping) I'm just saying- 
(rapping) okay, yo, if you decide to put it on in advance it could be easily done the night before and it's like an easy thing for you to iphone sauce text it away to me so I can know what you're wearing the night before so I can put it on it would be fantastic (rapping in high voice) it would be fantastic like a light sa[sic] plastic. 
Pfffff (i.e., like a drum beat) 
(rapping) Yes you do. 
(rapping) Yeah 
(high voice) Why not? 
(rapping) fantastic. 
So. Heh heh.  Alright, let's just agree to disagree on that front. 
Cool, just text (slips into rapping) me what you're gonna wear the night before- 
I know, it's just so hmm hmm, sorry, (rapid fire talking) conversation over. It's just so easy.  For you to do it.  (normal) Cuz you have an iphone, so you-   
I know, it's ju- you're right.  You are absolutely right.  It's just almost easier for you to send it than not to send it, though. 
I know that's why I said ALMOST, YOU F@@KING A@@HOLE! 
Wow. 
Wow. Hmm hmm.  Sorry.  That was, ah, (high-pitched) creep alert...crazy.  (normal) Uh, I'm gonna go take a walk, because, yeah, that was not a good thing.  Text me though.  (rapping, Amir gets more intense as it goes on)  Text me what you're gonna wear the night before, peace, I'm out, text it, I'm out son, latah, text me what you're gonna wear and even if you're not gonna kn-know it exactly what you're gonna wear tell me what you're not because of the process of elimination I'll be able to figure it out. PEACE! (Amir makes an explosion sound) (speaks) BOOMS!  OUT!  TEXT ME! 
And I bet you I can eat this microphone.  
Okay. 
Oh sheesh y'all, t'was a dream!  
No! 
Okay, I do expand it already, so. I eat mo' and mo' chicken noogets every day. 
Och. Blach. Oh my god. 
Tastes like a cold and sweet... like a wet chicken nugget or something. 
Needs barbeque sauce. 
The shape is good. Honestly, the shape is good, but I'm gonna put it on the floor for now. We'll file it under 'F' for floor. 
Oh, god! What is this, poison?! 
It's so... not salty. 
Alright, next thing better not be green because I swear I'm allergic. 
Yeah I thought so too, until I ate that moldy piece of bread last week. Remember? 
Uhhhhhh... 
Alright, untie me you fool! 
Oh. Yeah. My hands feel really weak. 
Yeah, probabl—well, definitely my diet. 
Alright, just put it in my hand and I'll put it in my mouth. 
Nay. 
Oh my god, I'm blind! 
No, it's even darker here than yooj! 
Okay, I'm not an idiot, okay, it's not—ah. 
Uh, nothing. I just adjusted something, nothing you told me to do. Bitch. 
Wanna just chill in here for a little while and talk smack about Jeff? 
I think it's quite obvious I have. 
Ready. 
Yummy! 
Yeah, supa. 
It's a good one. 
Yeah. 
Nah. 
Well it tastes like garbage! 
I don't know what you're talking about, so. 
Mm. Yummy. 
Yeah. 
I f**king trusted you you son of a bitch! 
And I'm not wearing women's shoes. 
Bring what up? 
OKAY, JAKE, COME ON I KNOW YOU GOT THE T-SHIRT VIRUS MAN I'M SORRY BUT YOU KNOW YOU CAN TRUST ME I WON'T TELL ANYONE! 
Okay so type it correctly Bitch! 
Hey uhh... can I talk to you for a sec? ... can I talk to you for a second? 
Okay I just needed girl advice but I'll go somewhere. 
umm Well there's this girl Jenny who I've sorta was my best friend growing up and uh thru highscool we had this tension and one day in college something like happened but it wasn't really sex and there was this weird chemistry. 
Well um I recently found out that her father molested her growing up. 
Yeah it was bad. 
news... and I recently saw her with her boyfriend. She has like this boyfriend who is super political active and he was hitting her it was like. 
I mean I went up to her and was like he should not be hitting you jennah and she was like get away from me and she walked away. 
Jenny yeah. 
Yeah so I don't know then I finally got that shrimping boat that me and bubba were talking about and you would not guess who became our first mate. 
Lieutenant Dan! 
Okay!  
Okay I just felt like running and I mean box was like a box of chocalates. Momma always said. We invested in fruit company. You got new legs? Haha. Oh something just jumped up and bit me. 
Okay we just ate barbecue shrimp, fried fish. 
Dollar shrimp. There is no crying in baseball. 
singing Every morning there's a halo! 
I know! 
Ah wake up! 
Yeah. You have an apartment. 
Ha! 
Third. 
Six. 
Six third. Sixty-third street. Six third, Sixty-third street. Uhm, I'm gonna go wash and brush. 
*laughs while touching Jake's shoulder. 
touches Jake's shoulder again I have 
Peace out! touches Jake's shoulder again 
Vat is thees? 
What are you doing? 
I don't have to, I was just being friendly. 
touches Jake's shoulder again Oh my god! laughs 
What is wrong with you? 
These aren't knives, okay? Oh no! I think I'm gonna massage your shoulders oh my-- 
Hey man wake up. Ah my ahhhh how long have I been sleeping? 
Jeez. 
I'm good. 
You think you know, but you have no idea... 
Okay, congratulations, Einstein (pronounced Einsteen). 
Jake, step right up! See if you can follow the ball! All you have to do is follow that ball, follow that ball... See if you can follow it... follow it... Go. 
Wrong. It's the right one. 
Okay, here we go. Ball is in the right cup. [Jake 
Wrong. Left cup. 
Musician, or magician? 
All right. [Sarah enters.] Step right up. See if you can follow the ball. And... where is it? 
Ah, Sarah was right; it's in the center cup. 
(laughs) Yeah, that's it. 
(laughs) Yeah, sure. (smooched by Sarah) 
All right, just one last time though, 'cause I think you're getting a little too pissed or whatever. Just—All right, it's in the right one, right? Follow that ball. Follow that ball... All right, where is it? 
All right, hey, but.. honestly, this is the last time, right? In the center, okay? (moves cups) ...Go. 
Which one? 
(picks up cup, smiling) Yeah, it's in the middle. 
Okay, hey, hey, hey, look, look, look, okay? They're cut. They're cut open in the back. I just move them—[Jake Oh...] I move from behind, all right? That's how it works. It's not magic; it's just... cut open from behind, and... it's real.. yeah.. simple, right? 
Oh, don't mind me, I'm just reading...a book. Ever heard of it? (chuckles)  
Exactly! 
I got a Kyndle. 
Whatevah.  
What are you talking about? This thing is great! 
Let me ask you this. What's the worst part about reading? 
Wrong. The reading part. And that's exactly what the Kyndle does-- 
--for me, so that I don't have to.  
No. That's the great part. I just put it on this talking text program, shut it in a drawer, I can barely hear it. Doesn't distract me at all, no fuss, no muss.  
I don't know. 
Oh, tons. I mean at least a baker's dozen, let's see. Just last night I read uh, Hercules, Catcher in the Rye, Lolita-- 
Who gives a C? The important thing is I can tell people I read them.  
(chuckles) You are so jealous you haven't stolen one of these from Pat yet. 
Can't prove that. Good news is, now that I don't waste any time reading-- 
--Well, now that I don't spend any time reading, me and you can hang out more, maybe we can discuss some stuff.  Talk about, oh, I don't know, books.  
You would love that, wouldn't you? 
OK, you know what, if you need me I'm going to be reading in the conference room.  (throws the Kindle off to his right) 
When I say Jake, you say Amir. Jake. 
Wow, I hate you. 
Alright guys, thanks for coming to El Meeting. 
Uh, I know, I'm just thanking people for coming to it. Or is it illegal to thank people ya fat prick? 
(Lifting Jake's arm) Exactly, me and my boyfriend were talking about it— 
What? 
Oh my god, sorry, you're a boy and you're my friend. Relax, I misspoke. 
Yes. 
—fucking face you Jew! Give me a reason to kill you! 
(Laughs) I'm sorry, who are you? 
Oh, dude, okay, dude, this is how we do things around here bud. Round 1: when you..err (knocks on table). Wow, totally spaced  out. Uh, no, but, he uh, B-Brad said something good which was, uh, that, say that one more time? How are we going to get them there  without them knowing that it's a, cause it's a surprise... He's uh... New guy made a dec' point! (Talking in high pitch) Holy crap,  sound the alarms! 
I wanna diiie! Hit me you fu— 
So you can't fuck 'em. 
(Speaking to Jake) You said I couldn't fuck 'em! 
You can't fuck them! 
I know! Relax, moms. 
Are we married to the karaoke idea? Because it sounds like a sausage fest, and gay marriage is illegal in New York (laughs).  Nothing, huh? No laughter, but if Jake says it everyone's fucking cracking up I bet. 
I would be! I would be. 
(Rapping) And we, appreciate you interns, wanna jump up and down, wanna move you to the left like a glass of Pepto Bismol, ain't  no— 
Okay I think it was bad too, man. 
Hit me in the fucking face! 
I'm sorry, do I have to be here anymore? 
Fuck it! I'm staying, just, can we please (gesturing and trying to whistle) hurry it up? (Speaking to Jake) Can you whistle when  
Thursday night, surprise party. 
Thursday night, surprise party, so. Run by moi, for yoi, so. Act grateful. (Claps) And surprised. 
Hey, you've reached Jake and Amir; leave a message. 
Wha'eva. 
Ahoy!, matey! How goes? heheheheh (cackles in a silly manner) 
Ah, no, just washing.. my.. hands? (as though he's going to say ever heard of it?) heheh 
(in a British (Canadian?) accent) Yea just about done there. Uh, lata'.  (in falsetto) See ya! 
Yeah, no, have you? hahah PEACE! blpblpblbpblbp (motorboat noise) 
No, I'm not, so uh, one second, gimme, uh, I'll catch up with you later! Where are you gonna be, by the desk area? (playfully) Get out of here! 
(playfully) I want you to leave! Get out! Get outta here, you! 
Ahhh.. Yeah! I do, I do.. aeahh that is why you go and I'll meet you there in five-- bring me a Band-Aid, please? 
Ah,, I think I can go a day without.. THE NUGGETS, ahahaha, I'm pretty good without it, toss me them, toss me them to me, toss them to me, because I changed my mind for a second-- 
(yelling) Ok do you want your phone back or not?! 
(as though Jake doesn't have a reason to yell) Oh my God relax, I was just checking your voicemail! 
(Begins running the water.) Because I'm crazy!, alright, you know that! For two years I've been annoying you and I've been insane, how can you be surprised right now!? 
Yeah it's called floating the phone to the top, ok?! (falsetto) Cream rises, bitch! 
Ok, you're acting like this is MY fauAHUAAHAHAhhlt. (yanks his hand free of the sink on accident, it's covered in blood). 
Yeeaah. 
AH!  
Oh, am I? No, uh, I was . . . oh god, I was looking for a coin, I dropped a coin and   I'm going to find it. I'll be uh, out in hours, so. 
One.  
Why? Storms just a, psh, whatever and thunder is uh, kind of scary, but whatever, it's just a noise, right? It's just a noise!  
So. 
AHHHH!!! 
Yeah, uh, I just stubbed my toe.  I keep stubbing it.  
Yeah, I'm lying down because it hurts so badly. So. Uh, could you do me a quick favor actually? 
Yeah, I'm just going to put on these headphones, listen to music, close my eyes and wait for the storm to pass. Just come get me when the sun comes out, please?  
OK, wh-wh-whoa, one more quick flavor and then you can bounce on out of here.   
Stay.  
St- I want you to stay. I'd like it for you to stay and then rub my back and wait for the sun to come out and then you can, psh, peace on out of here. 
Yeah, or you can do whatever you want, I don't care. Just stay. Just stay though. 
OK, what if I want to write Sarah a love letter and say it's from you? We can all do different things-- 
OK, then I'll just tell her it's from you.  
(high pitched) OK, fine, then we'll see. 
OK, thank you. RUB IT COUNTER-CLOCKWISE, BITCH! 
Ooo...it is counter-clockwise, I'm such a tough guy- (thunder clap) - AHHHHH!!!! Sorry. Oh, my lord, I just peed a little in my pants. 
(chuckles) I am telling you dude, you are a bed hog.  
OK, so you just gave me keys to your apartment, for what? 
OK, but you haven't changed your locks yet, for what? 
OK, you know what? I'm not going to come over tonight and we'll see how happy you are. 
OK, reverse psychology, always works, I'm coming.  
Bitch.  
Definitely. 
No. Definitely no. Definitely no. Why? (to Jake) Let me finish though, when I - I haven't- I haven't finished yet, definitely not. What's up? 
Actually, Ricky, if you think about it, that sounds pretty Ace.  (to Jake) What do you think, man? 
What do you think, man?  
Yeah, it's a little, agh, too crazy. I think we're going to pass on that, we'll pass on that graph. 
Yeah, you know what? Sure, we'll go.  
No, uh, yeah.  I was going to pass and then what you said, you changed my mind and I'm like 'OK, you know what, eff it', you only live twice. So, we're going to go.  
I'm going to go.  
I'm going stay-- 
--I'm going to stay here with you. Why? What are you going to do?   
y-y-yeah, true. We're going, OK, uh, Ricky, final answer, our final answer is that we're going to hold down the fort and that you can just call us the fort holders from now on.  Two fort holders. 
Sure. 
(trying to reach for Jake's paper) Let's write it down. 
Oh, OK.  
Yeah, you know what, Rick, hey, this paper has both of our answers, just right on it.  It's like - It's like a bond that ties us.   
Vegas, baby! Vegas, baby! Vegas, baby! 
What's swingers at you? It's not a play, is it? 
I'll SUCK YO DI-- 
And I'll suck yo-- 
You're ar rezy erz er erb 
Hey, that's a little racist for my taste. Maybe it shouldn't be a Jack, it should be a black, like a gangster. 
Yes. Oh, yeah, yeah, okay. 
Okay, so how much is a ten worth? 
When were you going to tell me that? 
Nah, don't be. I messed up and you deserve to hit me. 
I was kidding! 
Thirty-one. Er! Twenty-one. 
No. Yeah, seventeen. I thought you multiply them together or something. 
[annoyed] Ah! 
Still be right. Okay, I think I'm ready to go downstairs and play. 
Uh, Queen. 
Okay, just keep teaching me and stop being a dick about it? [flips the top card in the deck over] 
Alright, maybe we should learn how to count cards. [flips a card] One, [flips another card] two, [flips another card] Aahh! Um, okay, let's go back to basic strategy. 
Yeah.  
Was this your card? 
[Looks at card] Just a yes or no, and then we'll move forward. 
And that's why they call me [hold up half to deck to Jake] the King of clubs. 
I'm that - yes, I'm that too. 
Okay, okay, just give me just five more minutes! T-bag. 
Smoke. 
Fire. 
[opens the door from the inside] I'm really sorry! Sorry for ever trusting you! [slams door]  
You still there? 
Please RSVP. 
Anything. I don't know. 
(whispering to Jake) (inaudible) for a second. [Amir gets up.] 
(approaching computer, laughs) Tell me about it. 
(playing, to crew and Jake) I'm in. 
(playing) I'm all in, yo. 
(playing) Oh sheesh. 
(playing) I am down... Can—Gotta win it back. 
Yo, I gots to win it back. I'm down.. one-zero, come on. Zero, zero, zero... 
I'm all in (inaudible). (mimicing) Dani, Dani, Dani. 
I'm all in, yo. 
I'm all in (inaudible). 
Whoa... (watches the money go) 
Yeah... 
Hey. 
I'm almost done. 
I got... 
No, no, no— 
Hey! I have to win that back—I have to win the money back. 
I'm down, like, ten zeros! 
Get off of me! 
I didn't (inaudible). 
Hey, relax, okay? We're all.. friends or whatever here. (laughs) 
You're really hurting my neck! 
(stops in tracks) Hey, w-w-wait. 
I left my wallet. 
I have, I don't know, s—probably six Pogs, a Connect Four thing, I don't know.. a Coke bottle tab! 
Leron's gonna rip me a new one, please! Just—I'm not— 
I'm not afraid of little poker players, okay? Relax. 
(giggles) Got my wallet. 
Yeah, it's an n-big-d. (grabs Amir to inspect injury) Uh, they were nice guys. 
Yeah, I'm feeling light-headed; I'm gonna sit down for a second. 
Okay. 
I'm okay. 
I'm okay. 
I'm okay. 
Oh... 
At the same time. 
Rager...rager tonight, if you're in. 
(holds phone up to his ear) Uh...sorry, uh, I'm on the phone, actually. 
That's fine.   
(to phone) Yeah, should be fun.  Raging party, or whateva.  Uh...anybody can come. (to Jake) You can come if you want, comprende. 
I'm- I'm on the phone still.  Uh...sorry. 
(to phone) Uh, no, I'm not really on the phone.  I'm not, no, I'm not on the phone at all. 
(to the phone) Okay, hold one on second. (to Jake) Can you give me 5 minutes? Can you give me just 5 minutes cuz I'm on the phone! 
Yeah 
(to the phone) No, no, no  I'm just pretending to be on the phone so that when I invite Jake to stuff, he bas- he basically uh,  if he says no, then I can just say oh i'm on the phone or whatever, it's a way to, like, protect my feelings. Does that make sense? Does that make sense to you?  Hmm?  (to Jake) What? 
I'M ON THE PHONE!  OKAY? I'M ON THE PHONE! CAN YOU SHUT THE FK UP? CAN YOU JUST SHUT THE FK UP FOR THIRTY SECONDS?  I'M BEGGING YOU, PLEASE! YOU CAN SEE THAT I'M ON THE F**KING PHONE!  JUST SHUT UP! 
Zip it. OK? Zip it. Zip it, good.  Ex-zipit A. 
Oh, who throws a shoe? 
(to the phone) Anyway, Leron, it's me uh, call me back.  Groovy baby.  Shagadelic.  Bye. Sorry for the super-long message.  (to Jake) What's up? 
Coincidence? 
Whoa...Oh my God, popcorn y'all! Food for free, food for me. 
Oh, free bread y'all! 
Gimme gimme more, gimme more... 
gimme more [giggles] Oh yeah, oh yeah, lower my leg, F my F F my...I love it 
What the hell man, get the hell away this is MY food [Points plastic knife at him] 
Popcorn oatmeal sandwich 
Jake's gonna love this 
Uh, Jake, you want some oatmeal? I just made some, I whipped some up if you're.. 
JAKE. I'll be here [Points to trash] 
You just got rickrolled, bitch. 
Thank you soulmate. 
Oh! Hey! My friend Jake is like hosting this BFF show on the other side. I just gotta get in. 
I know, I know, but my best friend is on the other side, I don't think you heard me. 
(laughing) A lot of people's best ... a lot of people's best... 
Oww! GOD! 
You know what? 
Yeah. Cut! That's what I was here to tell you guys. Guys, we're gonna cut, and then Jake, check this out. 
I'm going back to work, relax! 
Woah woah! Is this noncomedogenic? 
N-n-n-n-n-n-THEN DON'T PUT IT ON HIS FUCKING FACE! (Whining) I'm sorry, but come on, he's gonna break out! 
I'm not gonna relax. (suddenly calming down, talking to artist) Where did you learn how to... what's it called... 
Put makeup on? No, there's like a one word. Sorry, what is it? 
Cut. I think we're good. Let's cut. 
What's up? Talk to me, I'll tell him. 
He says I'm cool to stay for a little while. 
Hey buddy, what's your name? 
Peter, hi, what's up dude? 
No! Come on! No! No! Come on guys, those are pink! Ugh, I told you blue! 
You need those cards? 
Okay, hey, Jake, get him! You saw what he did to me! 
That's my dude right there. 
(whining) Guys, guys, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte! 
I know, it's for me.  
I know. 
Question 
No. I actually thought, why would you give someone's Jake's contract, it's like... 
Later bitch! 
Oh my god, how does this...? I'm so sorry. cuz, uh, I do this, but it's still locked. It's like, jammed. 
Yo, I don't need a script. 
You're watching...uh, sheesh. 
Hey. 
Hey comprende, ah, door's locked. You accidentally locked the door. 
Ah, okay. Um, unlock it for a second. 
Aight, cool, peace. 
Ah, unlock the door- 
for one second and then I can come inside. 
Just unlock it for one second, and then I'll open the door, and then I'll come inside. 
I mean once I'm in there we can relock the door.  I mean, in fact I'd insist on it because there's like a lot of annoying people out here and I don't want us to get distractoid. 
Latah. 
Peace. 
Latah. 
Yeah. 
Oh my god! Hey. 
Can you, uh, unlock the door for a second? I have to go pee. 
Yeah. Good call. 
Hey open the door. I wanna high five you on that good call. 
Nah, nah, nah. It has to be the rea- the real thing. 
Peace. Peace I'm out. 
Later tron two-thousand and four, yo.-  
-This is beat. 
Okay, bye. 
Hey dude, uh, me again. I think I left something in there. Can you open the door for a second. 
Wassup? 
I fell. 
Down. 
Thank you so mu- 
Ow! Actually,ah, hey, I think I'm gonna, you need your space, right? So I'm gonna chill out here. 
Yeah. We'll talk soon. 
Actually, you know you could probably carry me in. 
Hey, J-j-j-j-j-, wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wai- 
Big whoop, so am I. Easy money. 
Whoa, Jake, I just realized something big. The sky is blue because of.. the scattering like, sunlight fragmi--mints, and then, a prism, and, your human eyes. 
Yeah, o- I mean on a sunny day, reighley scattering gives the sky a blue gradient, dark in the zenith and light near the.. horizon! 
Absolowly. 
(stumbling as he makes up a definition) No, uh, I mean absolowly, which is.. Franish for.. absolutely. 
(rapping) Yo yo SO, son, I wanna jump around and make ya go.... AAAH! (Amir's aaah noise) 
(childishly impatient and exasperated) Are we gonna go the the Dees or not?! 
THIS IS JAKE AND AMIR! WELCOME TO THE THUNDERSHOW! 
Dangit! 
Who are YOU? 
I know the name.  I know the name.  I just can't put the face to the- 
I don't know the name, I don't know...who are YOU? 
Sexually? 
I'm not active, sexually, or otherwise. 
Me and Jake f**k like rabbits, sir. 
Not each other. 
Crush it.  See?  This is...now you're speaking my language!   
It's family. 
Yes, best! 
I've always said that you should take me to a water park, an arcade, and a picnic. 
In one day, please. 
For once. 
You're obsessed with traffic!! 
(sharp breath in) He's gone. 
No...oh he, no, I can't see him. 
No, I'm not...I'm stretching my wrists. 
Where you going?  What about the water park? 
I do declare! 
I don't know. 
Oh my god! I'm gonna kill her, I'm gonna kill her, I'm sorry! 
Who? Who? Sarah! That's who! 
Oh... OK well whatever man she's annoying as... WORMS! 
I dunno. 
OK, well I got something she can (air quotes) produce. 
(Pauses to consider) Worms! 
Aaaaah! 
Oh my god. Have you ever been so frustrated by someone at work that you just can't take it anymore? 
Alright, F-it. Listen, I'm gonna go do some- I'm gonna go shut her up. I'm sorry. 
I'm not gonna hit her OK? Relax. 
Really? 
Fine. 
Wha?- 
I love you too. 
-yes, I trust you. 
Hilary, Hilary? 
Hi, I am so sorry, uh, Amir by the way I work over there with Jakey. 
Um hi... 
If you could just maybe- if you take that phone call somewhere else that'd be so helpful.  
Or, or if even you have to talk here just talk like, half a decibel quieter? 
No problem at all! 
Ow! I'm sorry, are you okay? 
Aw yeah, [Sings the baseball home run sound effect] Come on baby one time! 
This? Oh that's [laughs] that is a menu to a Thai food restaurant 
Yiiiis 
[laughs again] Oh yeah! I guess you're right. Okay, Peace out! 
Peace in the middle ea- 
No. 
No no, it's not. 
Yah! 
Okay, can we backtrack for like, half a second? I have a feeling that you can say Thai Food restaurant, you know what I mean? Yes it does sound a little redundant but I think, like I've heard Leron once- 
IT'S IT'S IT'S TODAY JUNIOR! 
[Putting his hand onto the file] I'm gonna get rid of this 
You're watching Jake and Amir. 
Go to hell in a handbasket. 
Two, three, four, five, six, seven— 
Okay, yeah yeah. 
(Letting go of the dresser) Lift! You said lift with your legs. 
Well it did. 
Alright new plan, I sit on here, but I inspire you to lift more than you ever thought possible. 
Okay, done. 
Well I'm pretty high up, bro! I don't know if I can... (Tries to ease himself off, as if he's really high off the ground) One  second. ONE SECOND! 
Hey maybe we should take out the drawers, it'll be a little lighter? 
Okay I was kidding f**ker, keep moving. 
Ahh I got a splinter! 
I got it up from the carpet. 
(Singing) Fix everything by just being here. 
I am helping, in a different way. 
(Singing) Fine. 
(Singing) Okay. 
(Singing) Sure. (Not singing) Last minute? 
Okay. 
Woah, nice shirt cowboy. I wish I knew how to quit you. 
What? 
I don't even remember what I said, let alone what gay means. 
(Holding up his finger) Come kiss it. 
Woah! Little help? Little help? 
Yeah, I can, okay? With a little help. So... little help? 
Ah, dude, you owe me so big for this. 
I knew you'd throw that back in my face, that is so like you. 
C'mon. C'mon! I was kidding. I was kidding! 
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Try to touch my hands. Try to— 
Okay but is it hurting? 
No. Oh my god it feels like my nose is bleeding, even though I know it's not. 
Yeah, a lot. 
Hey hey hey, sorry sorry sorry. (Bites a pizza slice) Sorry sorry sorry. There's— 
(Spits out the pizza) There's free pizza in the kitchen. So. Well, there was free pizza. 
Alright. (Moves to help pick up the dresser) Ready ready ready? 
And donesauce. 
Woah, woah. You just got punked my Jake and Amir, BITCH! Jake, run! 
CHOOOO CHOOOO! CHHHCHCHCH CHCH PJJJJJJ! 
Whateva 
Nah. I figure I never do any work on it, so why bring it into work? 
Oh by the way, Shanah Tova...so.  
It means "Happy new year" in Hebrew. It's the Jewish new year, Rosh Hashanah. 
You...don't...know...Hebrew, do you? 
Oh my god.  
.?? ??? ?? ???? ?? ???? ???? ????? 
I just said "So you don't get what I'm saying".  
.????? ??? ????? ?? ???? ??? ??? 
I just said "That's silly".  
????? ???. ?????, ???? ???? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??? 
I just asked if your shirt was grey.  
.???...??? ???? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ?????. ???? ?? ????? 
"Are you wearing jeans?" I asked you.  
?? ??? ?'??. ???...???. ??? ???????, ???? ????, ??????, ???????, 
I just said I was sorry, okay? Are we cool? 
And after laser tag, you will be bound to drive me into Canadia. Where we will     
.?? 
Oh sheesh y'all. Zeh chalom!  
'twas a dream. 
INCOMING! 
You're the bozo, bozo! 
Don't touch me it hurts my shoulder 
Oh, uh no, I have not. 
Oh, no thank you, I'm not hungry. 
Ok, then maybe I shall! 
(at window) IS THIS WHAT YOU F#CKING WANTED? I'M GONNA F#CKING KILL MYSELF  
What am I doing? I'm more embarrassed than I've ever been in my entire f#cking life, and I want to end it right now! 
Hurt? No! The only pain I'm gonna be caused by the fact that everyone thinks I look like f#cking little Red Riding Hood! 
No! You know whats scary? Whats scary is the fact that I'm going to live my entire life as the guy who...wore weird clothes. Womens clothes in that picture....that you put on the fridge. 
As a friend? 
As a best friend.... 
So the nurse is like [closes nose] Sorry sir, we can't stay the night with you, even if you are afraid of the dark, [releases nose] and I'm like Bitch, you ain't going anywhere, there might be ghosts up in here so I grab her [grabs Jake's polo shirt] like- 
I'm not embarrassed about anything! So I grab her right [grabs Jake again] and she finally wrestles loose and she goes to call, I don't know, her supervisor or whatever [begins to rustle through Sarah's bag] but it's complete darkness in there so I start freaking out. 
[chuckles] What do I care? So you know it's complete darkness in there, I'm crying but it's starting to burn because [in a weird voice] my eyes are broken or whatever- 
OK, relax. [looks at tampon] Oh... 
Oh, oh, ahaha! 
[speaks in wheezes] I'm fine. 
[speaks in wheezes] Choking? Haha, don't make me laugh. [Laughs] 
[still wheezing] Heimlich, what are you crazy? I'm gonna go get lunch [Jake nods], um, do you want anything? 
[wheezing] I'm going to peace on outta here [makes peace sign with his hands] 
But, oh, by the way, before I forget, [takes deep breath in] what's the name of that song that goes [starts dancing in his chair. Jake does the same, calmer now] Come my lady/come come my lady/you're my butterfly. 
[grabs Jake's shirt] I'M GONNA DIE! 
By the way it's Sugar Ray's Butterfly is the song. 
Outtakes! 
Hey guys. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, I bought a bag of cookies from the vending machine but it gave me an extra one. Do you guys  want these cookies at all? 
It's like, uh... It's like eighty cents, it's so stupid. It was like eighty—eighty cents, so whenever you guys... And you guys  are four people, so it'd be like, 20 cents or something. Twenty cents a pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Pop! Twenty! Twenty! Twenty! Twenty!  There's no time limit. Ah that's funny! Throw a dime—throw two dimes into my mouth, each. Throw two dimes, go uh! uh! GUYS GIVE ME  TWENTY CENTS A PIECE AND I'll BUTTFUCK YOU! 
Or. 
Or I will. Or I'll b— 
I know, I said and, but I meant— 
Hey! (Half-jokingly accosts Vinny) Gimme your wallet, fool! 
I know! 
Exactly! 
I'm not freaking out, it's not even a big deal. It's less than a dollar. Twenty cents a pop! Twenty cents a pop! 
Oh no! A twenty dollar bill? That's less than twenty cents! OH WAIT NO IT'S NOT! 
I know, exactly, you'll get it to me later! You'll get it to me later! I'm already gone. 
Peace I'm out, peace I'm out, peace peace peace peace peace I'm out. Huh? Er... (Leaves) 
Alright everybody freeze, this is a holdup! I don't want your money, I just want your change! Eighty cents specifically! (Takes  off the shirt) I'm just kidding you guys, it's me. And for this free show, a fare of twenty cents a head. Twenty, forty, the one after  that, and finally landing on the eighty cents. 
Thank you very much, [indiscernible] Martin Luther King Jr.— 
You know what? You're right. Okay, I only need eighty cents, and this a dollar, so here we go. (Tears a fifth of the bill off and  gives it to Dan) Thank you, keep the change. 
Uh, no, not here, dude. Sorry about that Pat. 
Hey, I'm Kurt Russell and you're watching Jake and Amir. Thank you Mr. Russell. 
No! 
I'm not. 
A pie for the gentleman. A fresh baked pie.  
The pie you requested has been dispensed by me to -- 
No. 
I'm naaah 
(unintelligeble sounds) 
I'm not an id-eee-eeeeee- 
-eeeee. 
No. 
Fi-ugh.  
Gu. 
Fugh. 
Nerrr. 
Hey Jake! I'm not gunna CRUHHHHHH 
Oh, oh, do one where you're wearing my glasses. 
I'll be able to know. 
(singing, with Julia Nunes playing the ukelele) You'll fix everything by just being here. 
(talking) So that's about Jake, specifically. 
Yeah, line, nine, well this next one's double that, so...(in his wacky high voice) It's good stuff.  
No, it's just... 
(singing) 1, 2, aah!, 4, (Julia Nunes starts playing) dirty blond, clean guy, what you got in his eyes, they are blue, so are you, when you're not around son, (Jake walks in) oh sheesh, here he is, I cannot contain my ji--, look at him, wearing shirts, eating lots of yogur-  
I think you've heard of internet music sensation, Julia Nunes. 
Ah, k, I am Amir. So..(to Julia Nunes) do the...when you... 
Yeah. 
Yeah, totally. 
Jake, a word.  Conference room please. 
Okay, fair enough, worth a shot. 
Can? or can't? 
Yeah, that's true, I appreciate that, Jake.  Julia, feeling inspired right now.  Quickly, something slow. 
(singing) He's too good to me, knowing what I should be.  Correcting me but in a way that doesn't make me feel dumb. 
Julia, quick!  Something poppy! 
(singing as Julia Nunes plays) Jake, be quiet, she doesn't know I lied.  Got her to come to the city, cuz I am so very witty.  My cousin doesn't really own a record label. 
(singing, but Julia Nunes is not playing) If she could understand what I'm saying, she wouldn't play her mini-guitar while I sing this song, and bam bam ba bam bam 
Yes, I've been meaning to talk to you about.  The word ukelele, I don't know if that's gonna fly, just cuz a lot of people can't spell it. 
Yes, I am.  That's true.  I can pay you back in regular old money. (in a high voice, but not Amir's wacky high voice) Who needs it? (normal) Or... (singing acappella) I can sing the prettiest song to you...make you feel like a nat- 
Twenty, forty, yeah.  This should be more than enough. (singing acappella) You still have to change your mind.  If you want to change your mind, the money's g- 
Okay, yes, just the money then, that makes sense.  Because, you can spend money, but the song is- 
Why would anybody ch- 
I'm gonna go home. 
I'll introduce the videos if, and Only if... 
Whateva 
Hey Jake, dinner tonight? 
Why would we invite him? Hey, I like your jeans. 
No duh it's normal.  
makes noise like mouth is covered Jake I'm serious he can't breathe! 
You're a monster!  
What do you mean 'What am I doing?' I'm slowly becoming the coolest, most popular person in the office. Why, what are you doing today?  
Oh yeah, 'cause I was gonna say if you want to hang out, you want to chill or whatever, go to a bar, I'd be down to ditch this crowd you know. 
Wow, you are so jealous. 
I know. 
50,000! That's un- Me and Jake were just talking about how we don't even know what 50,000 is, and now we have that many- 
I know, yeah yeah yeah. But I'm just sayin' you- we can't even quantify that number. It's so big. 
Jake is going to flip his shiatsu when he realises I made a puppet of myself. Isn't that right, me?  
It sure is.  
I'm sorry, let me get this straight. You want Jake and I to drive your Ford Fiesta into the river, swim back to shore and have a pizza party? I mean-- 
What did she-what did--? 
Oh, is that--? 
OK, gotcha. And you're f-you're fine with me and Jake just stealing your car for a week?  
OK, yeah. She coming with. (chuckles) 
She is. She is. OK, gotcha. HOLY CRAP, what's that?! (dashes to the driver's side car, but the door is locked, pulls on the handle frantically for a bit then lets go) Are we ready? Let's go. All three of us, I decided that-- 
She has the keys. 
This is actually going to be really fun. Oh my-Jill, is that your apartment? Right there. Look look, it's on fire! 
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go! Quickly! 
No it's not, what are you, crazy? (to Jill, as he switches from the back seat to the driver's seat) I'm going to call 911! Oh my gosh, keep running! Run, run, run! 
Let's get the hell out of here.  
Trust me.  
It's fine. It's fine! Hey, do you trust me? 
Then let's get out of here. 
And Jake needs a haircut. 
Yes. 
Okay, why are we here again? 
Oh sweet, what kind of gee-tar? 
Acoustic, or...the other one? Maybe 
No? 
Uh, soo-ry. Do you have any-- (loudly)  pewww! Jrrr-dr-dr-dr-dr-dr--air guitars? 
(angrily) Please keep playing! Sorry, but c'mon. Don't stop. 
Yeah, now you know! Because of Milli Vanilli over here, effing it up! 
Oh, uh, I was just stepping out, for like two seconds, to smoke! 
Wow, you're like a real guitarist in a real band. 
Yeah, you're probably right. 
Nah, 'cause you don't have the talent! 
Hey dude, I'm really sorry, I think I knocked over a lot of guitars over there. Gosh-- 
(to JAKE) Hey, great--get this guitar and let's get out of here! 
What? Ah--come on, I knocked over that display case for nothing? 
...No. 
Hey, you know what, I'm kind of feeling the vibe. You have like a job application to work here? 
Ah, that's true. I'd have to quit that job to work here, nevermind, so-- 
Ah, you're right, why would I leave-- 
(singing) You've got a fast Jake, let's get tickets to a baseball game. I wanna eat chicken nuggets, you gotta pay 'cause I don't have cash. Anything is better, than me paying 'cause I don't have cash. I was pretty (bleeping) clear about that, when I said I didn't have cash. You're ee-aaah... 
(runs to cashier) Wait Jake Jake Jake Jake! Can you buy these for me? I am STRAPPED-- (holds up straps) ahh!-- for cash! 
I don't have cash on me. I wish I had cash and I don't have cash and I'm  
Yeah. 
Okay. Half?  
And I-ee-I...had a feeling that we were friends, and I-ee-I, just know that we are more than that, more than that-- (stops singing and puts hand on guitar) More than that! Like best friends or something. 
I'll buy it for you! 
Oh, you know what? I didn't pack a bag. (laughs) That is so me! 
You brought clothes, didn't you? 
Yeah, so, when you're done with them, throw them on this hamper. Oh! 
It's four days! It's four- How long do you go without brushing your teeth? 
I rather go four days than six hours just 'cause your gums start to get too dependent on it, and then-- 
Why not?! Hey, we're the same size! 
All right, we just tweeted 'across some tennis courts on Carrie and Lyndon'. 
Oh my god, is that them? 
Is it? 
Oh my gosh, that was so quick.  
Oh my gosh, another one! 
I think we have-- 
Ha-ha, let's not eat yet because I didn't get my food yet! I didn't get my food yet! 
You say 'let's eat' and then all a sudden everyone thinks it's like-- 
Hey look! She's eating a pickle! 
Yeah, it is a pickle. Oh my-  
I feel like, ugh, come on man. He's right there.  
I feel like I'm playing like whack-a-mole (motioning at various people's plates) Don't eat, don't eat, don't eat.  
And what are you doing with the soup? Soup can get a little cold, OK? God forbid it goes to room temperature. Don't look down at it, look at me. Sorry but we're treating-- 
I treat you guys to-- 
I'm just going to tweet this picture of the clock tower.  
I'm going to say 'we're across from here'. This- or 'Here we are.' 
Really? 
You made it!  
You did it! 
Yes.  
Oh my god. Oh my god! (laughs) 
Hey, we got to get out of here before a lot of people come. (greeting someone) Hey, I'm Amir, how are you doing?  
Yeah, and can I get uh, I didn't see chicken nuggets, but I want the closest possible thing. Also, there's a story on the front of the menu.  Nobody's going to read that. (tosses menu at server) 
Where are you guys from?  
Germany, I've heard of that. Is that in Texas? How long has it been? 
Since we ordered because I feel like it's been forever.  
Maybe I'll say something.  
I'm going to say something. 
Sorry, I'm hearing a lot--I'm hearing some yes's and some no's.  
(pointing around) Yes, maybe, maybe.  
I'm going to go say something.  
Worst case scenario, I go over there, I yell at them, they say our food is coming out.  
Get kicked out? 
Kicked out.  
Do I regret what I did? Uh, yes, obviously. Would I do it again? No, I would never- I don't want to hit people.  It just happens. Uh, do I have the courage to make that mistake again? Yeah, techni-- 
Terrible, what--? 
Jake. (over Jake) H-h-hey, Jake-- 
Hang up the phone, because I'm apologizing right now and all- Tomorrow you're going to look like a fool. Hey.  
In two weeks, we're going to be-we're going to be closer friends because of this.  
So you sh-you should hang up the phone right now because you're going to look like- Can you go in the other room?  I'm just trying to finish up this confessional.  
You have to go to the other room! I-- 
That's what this is! (loudly) This is SO funny, when you think about it. Go into the other room and I'll do the confessional and then I'll- Twenty-five more minutes and then boom.   
No, we don't have everything we need.  
Leave the cameras here. Leave the cameras here and I'll keep talking.  (lunging for camera) Leave the cameras here-- 
This episode of Jake and Amir is brought to you by me, bitches! 
Uh, look at me (laughing). 
No I mean do I look like the type of person that checks his email? 
Yeah, well that's different! 
Yeah, you can help me.. by shutting the f**k up.. Why don't you start now, and-- 
Yeah if you plan on being sick! (laughing) Which I do not; I'm sorry. 
...Wat? 
Nonononono, health insurance is a sucker's bet. 
At the moment? ...Worms. 
Ha, that's not even a word! 
(hitting the table angrily) Dammit! Aw I never get it right when I guess that! I'm like 0 (pronounced O) for lifetime. 
No, ok? I'm not. I have too much to think about right now, I'm sorry. 
I'm tired, ok, I'm stressed, I'm dizzy, I stay up at night coughing, I'm sneezing all the time, I feel like I have an ear infection because my ear really really really hurts and on top of all that, every time I inhale it feels like I'm swallowing a ton of bricks, so sorry if I don't want to deal with this right now. 
Enough with the health insurance, ok? Please! You're obsessed! 
(starting to get dizzy) Compromise Alert. Eheh. Let's do... let me do dental with you today, and then if things go well, we shall do the full thing tomorrow, how about that? No promises though! 
This is nice. Isn't it?  
What's your favorite part?  
What's that?  
OK. Let's enjoy the view.  
No talking, just enjoying.  
(pause) Silence is golden. (pause) It's the primo. It's the top-- 
Shhh. 
Shhhhwhewww.  
(softly) Sorry. Shh.  
My neck hurts when I go like that. Can you hear that? 
Can you hear that? 
It's like uh, it's a thing. (a bit loudly) Starting now, please silence all cell phones. (chuckles) Shhhhhh. (pause) (loudly imitates a race car) No talking or noises right? (begins tapping on a coke can) Sin gas, please. Sans gas, s'il vous plaît.  (opens the can and takes a sip) Ah. (coughs) How do they put--(spills soda on Jake) 
Oh my lo-I was going to wear that tomorrow!  
All right, we're at statue, the James U statue; I'll just write 'at the statue'? 
Do you think people will know where it is?  
Come on! Come on! 
Oh my lord! That's too many people! 
Amir. Hi.  
Amir. 
Amir. Oh my gosh.  
See, this is what happens when you do too-too-too much of a public locale.  
We're in a fight! I'm sorry!  
Because we never eat where I want to eat. We always eat where you want to eat.  
Yes! So?  
Oh. That's true. (laughs) 
Can I sit on your lap?  
CAN I SIT ON YOUR-- 
(picking up his phone) Oh. Hello? Oh hey, babe! Yeah, we're having a lot of fun! (laughs) Jake had little too much fun last night. (Jake laughs) Gots- Got pretty handsy with some ladies, but.. nothing they couldn't handle. (JAKE Oh they handled it.) (both laugh.) Yeah. I know- we d- we never talk anymore. I call you, you call me, it's like we're playing phone tag all the time, let's-- let's have a phone date tomorrow, ok? Ok we're gonna be home tomorrow and we can talk then. Ok. Ok bye- Oh you wanna talk to Jake? One second. (handing the phone to Jake) It's your mom. 
What? 
Alright, so, we are here in Philadelphia; we're tweeting that here at this exact location, and then... instead of taking people to dinner, we're just- we're just gonna order pizza and eat with.. whoever comes. 
This was my idea. 
It was my idea and then he said that it was a good idea. 
Hey! 
You did it! (laughs) 
How are you doing? 
Hi! Oh my gosh! 
Pizza! 
Oh! Somebody else (indiscernible) 
Oh my gosh, thank you. 
These are all my cousins! 
Yeah, well.. free-ish, uh, it's free to get here, but then it's $2.50 a slice, so this would be five bucks. (holding up two slices) And trust me, it is worth it! 
It is cold, but that's what... (gesturing at Fan 2) 
He's gonna pay! Exactly, he's gonna pay- it's five bucks! 
Ahh! What's up? 
No, it's free! 
I'm not. 
Who are you gonna believe, me or them? 
That's true. Alright, new-- Jake wins! (to Fan 1) Give him twenty bucks! 
Give him forty! And then I'll- Gimme twenty later. 
GIVE HIM FORT-- 
Jake, is Rosie annoying you? 
I can ask him to leave. 
How do you play? Explain it to me, like I'm an idiot, OK? Clearly. 
OK, so.  
Password. Jake rules, with a 'Z' so a little hip or whatever.  
Well, yes, but I mean I was going to add more friends but I end up deciding against it because everyone rejected me. 
I'm sorry. Is the name of the game 'embarrass your friends'?  
Come on, man. 
Ah! Don't! (sighs) He's going to think it's me now. He hates when I do that.  
OK, fine. I'm going to log in as you now.  
And I shall write on...Jaime's wall. 
What the heck? You said that's the beauty of the game.  
Th-there's no, no vetoes.  
Really? (picks up tape recorder) 
So. 
No. I memorize what you say the first time you say it. (laughs) 
Not your first raspberry.  
Come on, here we go man. One time-- 
Let me do this one time! One time! One bit-- 
Hi, my name is Amir and my favorite color is blue. 
Ok, good, because my favorite color is really red. 
Sorry, I haven't been reading. When you were drumming, I was kinda like getting addicted, addicted, addic- 
Yes, to...? 
Date. You're sweet. 
Ok there. Ok, right off the bat, the first sentence is a cliche, so- 
What did you say? 
Ok, oh, it says I really like you twice in this first sentence. 
(quietly, to himself) Sherlock Shakespeare. 
Thoughtful doesn't have two Ls, thoughtful, so one L. 
No, it's underlined in red. 
Not all, but, it knows the words at least. (Jake gets up and starts clapping) The ones that are based on words, it knows them. 
(yelling) What do you want from me?! 
(getting up) You know what? Fine. 
Uh, it's, it's, I mean it's good, it's long, it's really long, like there's two paragraphs here that say the same thing twice, so why don't you just choose one of them? 
Second two part question. 
Here, I have a- Ok- maybe, sorry, maybe this is kinda, the whole thing is really intense, maybe you just shouldn't send it. Maybe you should wait until you see her in person. Maybe she's coming to New York, you can tell it to her, to her face. 
Yeah. 
(approaches Pat) Hey, no, not. (takes his phone and throws it on the table) Not one second. Can-you-read-this. That's it. 
You're watching Jake and Amir, and I don't where the frig Jake is. 
Don't tell me it's fine! 
It's 11 
Wrong answer. I just called Dr. Reynolds and your appointment's not till next week. Any other brain blisters, MacGyver? 
Sure. 
Okay, that's fine, I'll be there in 15. How's mom doing? 
Yes. I have other friends Jakey, relax. 
Wait, Jakey Jakey Jakey Jakey— 
How much longer until we're in Miami? 
Yeah, but 20 minutes from when? 
Get in the car! 
Welcome to Miami, bin bin ahh! So. 
Thank you. 
Ahh! Ugh, come on! Ugh, focus! 
Woah woah woah, what do you mean you and he become best friends? We already are. 
No, Sam. 
No, I want it to say No, Sam. 
We're out of gas! What the heck, it says E! 
So what's F? 
Dang it! Ugh, god, this sucks! 
What, are you crazy? We're gonna get murdered. 
Aloha! 
No. Is it? 
Use a different finger. 
That'll do it. 
Okay. 
Okay. Higher! 
Higher! Higher! 
That's great. 
Sup! 
Crazay. (The van starts to move and Amir almost loses his balance) Oh, hey, he's moving... 
Oh, this is like a... 
This is, like, other people are going to see Jake? Er... 
Sam, stay in the game. 
Oh! Hi. I don't care. 
No, no! I'm a—okay... Sam, what's still— 
Uh, sure. (To Sophia) We'll be back, I think. 
What are you talking—you just can't stand that for once in your life some girl loves me more than she loves you! 
So much in—what do you have in common with her? 
First of all, I'm sorry comprende but, you are not her type. 
Okay, first of all, look at the guy she's with right now, right? 
He looks like moi. 
No, look at his dick! 
(Looking out the window) That looks like Jake! 
No, that looks like Jake! 
That is Jake! 
Jake! Pull over! 
Jake. 
Oh nothing much, psycho, just coming to rescue you. 
Yeah Sam, butt out. 
What's a bang bus? 
Is she preparing for us? Yes. 
How much longer till we're in Miami? 
Jake! 
Welcome to Jake and Amir Miami part four, We open on a crowded through... 
I know! 
Yeah but now that we do.. 
Incredible (high five each other). 
Guys the important thing is we're together.  New York city please! (at bus driver) 
We'll be home shortly boys. 
got it!  
We totaled it. 
Yeah totaledly fine. 
So cool! 
I don't know, do we have time? 
Get off! 
Everything smells sticky. 
Okay, this is probably a bad time to bring this up, but I haven't eaten in 48 hours! 
Uhhh... yeah! 
Oh my gosh! 
Woah! Check it out! 
Purple and purple, what do you think dude? 
Yeah that's true. Well, let's put it in the maybe pile. 
Maybe. 
Well, he didn't specify, so.... 
Done. What are your thoughts on astronaut accountants? 
[muffled] From outer space! 
Fill out the forms. Just fill out the forms! 
I am anal about some stuff... I'll put yes. 
So.... 
Welcome to episode six of seventy three of the Jake and Amir Miami series. 
gorsh damn a nit. 
I know, we always get into zany situations like this.  It's crazy!  Hug it out? 
Hug it out bitch 
This is the best part! 
That's one small video for man, one giant video for mankind. 
Houston, we have a problem. 
Hey, hey. I got you something. So. 
'Tis. 
I mean, you said you needed a nice jacket but it was too expensive but I figure you deserve it. 
(sitting down) Uhh, no problem. Just pay me back wheneva. Hm. (pause) Oh. (laughs) What's the hardest part about coming out of the closet? 
Telling your dad that you're gay.  
Huh? 
No, the hardest part about rollerblading is the jumps. 
What? 
You don't have to- You don't have to pay me back right now. 
You don't have to pay me back with money or whatever, I don't want cash. 
What? 
Just take me out to a series of dinners where at in the end result, the sum, is total to or greater than the amount of the jacket, and the bonus would be the thoughtfulness of me paying for the jacket- 
Right. 
I don't want the jacket! 
I don't want your f*cking money, okay? I just want your time and your gifts that greater than or equal to- 
Yes. So? 
Right. No big deal, all you have to do is not walk by any stores, okay? Which I would have told you on one of out many first dates if you weren't being such a tightwad about it! 
Dinners.  
No. 
Nobody. 
One of many. 
Gimme a J! 
Ok I was spelling MY name. 
Ah. 
Ueh. Jake, I'm going to pee. 
(Exasperated) Am I kidding you with that? Is she (gesturing to an employee sitting next to the cabinet) kidding me with this? I mean look at this, the drawer is like out to here! You can't even walk past it! 
Here, come here, I wanna see you walk by it. I wanna see you walk by it. 
(Moving the cabinet so the drawer blocks the walkway) Well it wasn't like it-- It was like this, or something. 
Well I'm not kidding, ok man? This is fucking.. fire hazard. 
A.. fucking fire hazard-- 
Yeah. I was trying to have a seance with you, I'm not going to apologize for that- NOT in a gay way! 
...I am funny. 
(pointing at Jake) Funniest person it the office? 
'Preciate it. 
(starting to smile) I forgot what we were even laughing about. (He laughs and turns to walk to the bathroom, hitting the drawer again. He turns around and smacks his fist into his palm in frustration.) 
(with a cheesy smile) That's fine. 
(laughing) I know. 
(laughing) Clumsy.. 
(laughing) Clumsy you... 
Clumsy me... 
(Gesturing with the bat) What's up, ahh.. 
... 
I'm getting into character. 
Yes. Yes. Okay. Well I don't love you. Uh, goodbye mother.  
Chh, obviously. It's just that she's being extra annoying today, okay, she's trying to set me up with somebody. 
Uh, it's like my mom's sister's daughter or some shit. My mom's sister's daughter's friend or something. I don't know.  
It's like I can do fine without your help mother.  
Don't call me a s- 
What does she? She wants me to call this girl up and be like- 
Hi, uh, my mom gave me your phone number, would you like to go on a chocolate dinner with me? 
Yes, exactly. I'm telling you that it's weird. 
Yes.  
I know. 
Yeah. So... 
My mother's friend. 
Hey, mom, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, ah, Jake told me everything you crazy slut. I'M NOT DATING LERON. So. 
Oh, also mom, I love you.  
So, cool. 
Uh, yeah, it was mom's sister's daughter's friend. 
Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Go fuck yourself.  
Whoah, you got it? 
So sweet. 
So does it take photos, too? 
For real. For real. 
2 bucks? 
So sick. 
What's your favorite color, man? 
It's a two part question. What sort of standards did it come in lens, and then, what's your favorite color, man? So, like mine's blue and then yours would be red? 
Definitely. 
Barely. It's so little. 
Can I actually take this puppy out for a test drive this weekend? 
Amiiiiiiiiiiiir 
(off camera) Oh, woah woah woah! 
Perve alarm! Come on! Ever heard of knocking?! 
Knocking! It's where you make a fist with your hand and you hit stuff, you hit- 
There isn't a single bathroom that what? Finish your sentences! You always tell me to finish my sentences! 
Oh, okay. 
We're at an impasse. That's fine. 
It's... everything you want. It's.... everything you need. (singing) It's everything inside of you that you wish 
You shut the door. Come here. Please. 
Come here! 
Come here! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I can dunk a basketball. 
Well, they don't have to. 
Jake, uh, can you come in here for a second? Ricky's office. 
Solid. 
This is gonna be... 
Yeah. 
Next to me is fine. 
No, he doesn't. 
You're fine. 
Well, you're not a couple therapist. You're just one therapist. You're a couples therapist. 
That's funny. 
Barely. It's just sometimes it feels like we're not as good of friends as we should be. 
Come on  
What is the odds.. 
It doesn't even hurt me when he hits me like that. 
Exactly, meet me in the middle, ok? Because I wanna be... 
Everyday. 
(Motorboating an imaginary person)...and you're just loving it. And then basically, that's my fantasy. You, the couples therapist, make that happen. Me and Jake  
Yes. 
Let's get Jake. 
Jake, can you come into the... Ricky office? 
I mean... 
Hey you ain't watching squat. 
Bitches. 
Jake, can you come into the... Ricky office? 
I mean... 
Hey bud, uh, you don't have to go into Ricky's office anymore. I changed my mind. 
Unless you want your headphones back. 
Aye. 
Uh, this is gonna be...  
...good 
Please. 
On my lap, or... 
Or. 
No, he doesn't. 
Well, not a couple therapist. You're one ther... 
( laughs ridicously like a seal) 
I'm witty. 
Four, five, six. 
That's not even a food. 
Ok? Can you, right?  Meet me in the middle? 
singing Meet me in the middle. 
Everyday 
I think so. 
I have a keyboard. 
No. 
No I didn't. I forgot. 
Pride and Prejudice. 
I didn't know Tower Records was closed. 
...The Wiz, I know. And I kid, it wasn't there either. 
I love you. 
Big break through, right? 
Big break through. 
Ho ho ho! Merry Jake-and-Amirxmas. 
Bad you. 
Wassup, dude? 
Cool, cool. Since you're here, could you please proofread this for me for a second? So. 
Lemme just know if there any typos, please. 
Which part? 
Listen up you fat bearded fa***t, I've been naughty this year, but I'm not gonna sugarcoat it: I still want all the toys. So. 
Take a seat. 
Exac—okay. That's what that means. 
Yes, I—I believe in Santa! That's not the issue, okay? 
So... 
I also recorded this. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and... me. 
For like a second! 
Ugh it's so clear and watery! 
Yeah, well that doesn't explain why it's clear, does it, ya dumb fuck!? 
Oh, gosh. 
Yeah, and seeing is believing, so,, and then when you believe, not at the same time as you see,-- 
Wanna know what to do? 
Drop a pencil, right? And when you go to pick it up, (tilts his head onto his palm and closes his eyes to mime sleeping) AEH! 
AEH!-- 
Sneak in a quick nap!-- 
Sneak in a quick nap. 
Yeah, well if it's so dumb I do it all the time, and.. nobody notices. 
Impossible. 
Yeah, right, it's like a second. 
Exactly! 
......wat? 
No... 
(Putting his hands to his head in desperation) No. Oh, fuck me. 
Ok I'm relaxing! 
You know what, I can't have this conversation right now, okay? I'm tired. 
(looking down as if about to pick something up off the floor) Uhh, oops. 
(sleep-talking) AHhnno. 
Sup? 
Sup? 
Ohh, hats off to me. 
Yes sir [laughs] what do ya think?  
Yeah, I'm kidding [laughs] why am I kidding? 
I know it, don't I know it? 
I got it because I needed a haircut but the girl obviously messed up bad! 
No! I didn't which is why I'm going back there today and demanding my money, comes back to me. 
I'm gonna walk in there and be like look- 
Sounds about right, sounds about right. 
What should I do until then because right now it's stuck in this bad state right? 
Well don't say 'I don't know dude' ehh? Because right now you're the only person who's actually telling it like it is so what do you think I should do? 
Just give me some frikken advice okay? Everyone else is sugar coating it they're all like 'oh nice haircut bro, looking good' but I obviously don't okay? So please I need you right now just tell me what to do I don't know what to do!  
I got you. 
I don't give a crap. 
I got you... 
We HAVE each other. 
We have each other! 
Hey you're watching Jake and Amir and it's funnier than Mad About You. 
Yeah the TV show. 
Ah, let's think, I've had about like nine New Year's Resolutions, and kept.. none of 'em? 
Well usually I have more and keep.. none of them, so I feel like this is an improvement. 
How do you figure? 
Talk is.. cheap. 
New year, new rule, you can't make fun of me--(he pukes on the floor, making a BLUUUEEAHHH sound)--if, and ONLY if,-- 
You don't make fun of me,-- 
(puzzled) Oohhhhkaayy? 
...Anyway,-- 
(Sarcastic) Clean what up, my PUKE? 
(Slight laugh.) Let's just agree to--(pukes on the floor a second time, making the same noise as before)--to disagree. 
You're overreacting! 
God bless you, for one. Okay how many times have I sneezed since you got here, man, you-- 
THAT'S.. your problem! 
...That's my problem. 
In west Philadelphia we were raised- 
You will let me finish. 
(joins in singing from inside vending machine) 
Wow, Sherlock Hays deduced another miracle. Ah, congratulations, genius, you figured it out. 
Yes. 
How 'bout 'Hi, how are you doing, how are you doing today, ok, because- 
Barely two days. 
Well, is it Saturday? 
Oh. (chuckle) That explains why people are at work today. It's like 'Who works on a Saturday? Go home!' (chuckle) You know, you workaholics. Time flies! 
No. It's crawling. I'm really, really cramped. 
Abridged version? 
I don't know. 
Leron told me there was money in here. 
Oh. Yeah. Look, do you want something or not? 
No n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n no no! Are you crazy? Don't be silly. One Dr. Pepper coming up on me, the vending machine man. 
(screams after dollar is put in the machine) Oh oh oh! The machine is murdering me! 
Oh my god! My ribs! My sides! My thighs are burning! 
(starts singing Waking Up In Vegas in a pained, muffled tone) 
NERD! 
Sup?  
Really? If you're eating lunch, then why is there no food on the table? 
Finished eating lunch.  OK, that makes sense then. 
(confused) I'm classic. Yeah, I'm so good.  
To guy.  
Three guys.  
Jake is in lov-- 
Yeah.  
(laughing) You're thinking of a slip n' slide, but girl do get wet for that. 
(chuckles) My boy is getting frenched TONIGHT! 
How do you not love me? 
Have you noticed Sarah and Dave have been at lunch for like, four hours already? 
Isn't that longer than a usual lunch? Because you usually don't take lu-- 
(chuckles) Hey, Dave. Nose candy tomorrow at lunch? 
Me and Dave snort sugar at lunch and it makes us happy for a little time and then we sort of flatten out and get a little depressed.  
What's cocaine? 
(muffled) I don't want to hug you, grandma.  
I'm still in the room, okay? 
T, U, V, W, X, Y, und... Z! Z, Z, Z, Z, Z. Z, Z, Z, Z! 
Start before T? Okay, don't even think about it; you know I'm dyslexic. 
Lazy. 
Cute. 
Ah! 
I will take you calling me cute over illiterate... every day, okay? 
Techno. 
What's up? 
_____, I'm looking for it now. 
(gasps) Holy moving, Batmat! 
No... 
Oh my god, a totally different office? Oh no, it won't be the same office! (dramatically fakes crying) 
(gasps) My commute? WHY? Oh god, why is my commute gonna be longer? It's gonna be cold; I'm gonna need a scarf! [Jake 
OH N—Oh.. no! Really? What? Why not? Where would you—where would you sit? 
I don't know. 
Robert De Niro! 
I don't know... 
I can't believe we're moving in together. 
It's about.. the rest of our lives. 
We're moving each other. 
Oh my gosh, it's a draft of the first letter I ever wrote you. 
Read it? 
Remember when Grandpa built this place? 
(simultaneously) Force it. 
Yeah... I won't force it. 
Yeah... 
Shhh... (pulls out gun) 
(simultaneously) Cool. 
Whoa. I just realized something. If this office burns down, we won't have to move. 
(snaps) Get the kerosene. 
GET THE KERO— 
Yeah... The song was popular at the time. 
(wipes hands) I think I'm done! Packing-wise. 
? It's my Jake in a box! ? 
Oh my god, remember when we got this? 
Okay, I'm gonna put 'em in my box, though. 
(makes noises over Jake) NARK! 
You know what? Let's stay. 
Okay, you know what? Let's go. (picks up box to leave) 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I just ate a sock. 
I—(gags) I don't know... 
(eating sandwich) You know, new office 
Free sandwiches in the fridge are pretty chill. 
Well, free for the taking. 
...Fat-free. 
Yeah, well, you already are at work, okay? You dumbfuck. 
Well, you wanna yell as much as you want? 
Well, I was gonna say if you did, you should probably come visit my side of the office for once, okay?  
Yeah... Uh... Oh, please, sir! Give me five more minutes! I do declare! (laughs) Please give me five more minutes with Jake. Thank you. 
Yeah... Okay, fine. (to Jake, talking low) Hey, there's no way in hell you like working with this guy more than you like working next to me. 
(walks away, talking loudly) Okay! Then I'm off to my side of the office where everybody has fun! And all the cool people are! (goes back to desk, looking around, then snaps) All right, everybody! Listen up: five-minute work break, starting... a-now! Get up! (claps) Get—Hey! That's an order! Get up! Stand up! Stand on your ch—No, you know what! (leaps on desk) STAND ON YOUR DESK! HUH? Let's have fun for once! (laughs) Come on! (claps to rhythm) Hey! Hey! Come on! All right, this is an old-fashioned Blumenfeld family fuckfest! Let's do this! Hey, don't be shy! I want everybody! (pointing) You, you! (points to Amanda) Okay, we got one brave soul right here! (climbs over desk as Amanda gets up to leave) Comin' up! One time! Now we're havin' fun! (embraces Amanda, then pushed away forcefully) Okay. (awkwardly shuffles back to desk) Does anyone have the wireless? ...Password? (silence) ...Got it. 
(in an English accent) Hello, hello, you are watching Jake and Amir. 
...FRINE. 
(makes loud buzzer noise) Time's up! That, my friends, is the sound of the pizza train.. leaving the kitchen.. station.. area. All right, one last time, hands up. How many slices do you guys want? Put your fingers—let me see the fingers in the air so I can see them. Zero? Zero, zero? Okay, so that's—let's do—I'll d—Okay, so I'm gonna eat all these by myself, but we're splitting the cost eight-ways. (laughs) Nah, just kidding. What? (expecting response) 
(smiling) Oh no! Okay! (laughs) Sound the alarms, you guys! Here comes the enemy; I see an intruder! We got him on our sight! Uh oh! (makes gun with hands) Hey, put your hands up where I can see! Freeze, sucka! 
(laughing) Guys, I am messing with you, okay? You wonder where I get it from? (pointing to Jake) This is the guy right here; this is the man. 
(enters shot) Allo! (laughs) Hey Marina, you wonder where I get it from? This is the guy, right here. Yeah. 
Okay, well, I'm talking, and nobody says a fucking word to me so I don't know if they can understand what I'm saying. 
I'm going. (laughs) 
I get it. You need space. 
Yep. Distance. 
From point A from point B. 
You don't want me up in your grill! (quickly embraces Jake) 
That's fine. 
I'm going! 
I just have—I just don't understand how you're gonna do any work... without a PEN! (grabs Marina's shirt pocket and rips it) AHH—OH... Um... This is—Okay, hey... No, um... (clicks pen) Number one: This is—I am sorry, 'cause this is totally.. on me. It's my bad comploodle. Uh, two: Blessing in disguise? I don't know, 'cause this shirt, IMHO, was.. a little—It didn't fit you well.. specifically. 
It was your grandfather's. 
Yeah... That's what I was gonna say. It was too... (rips fabric) ah, too big. Let me—Okay... (rips more) Ah! We're gonna alter it, and then.. let me make it up to you. Pizza, on me? You're still paying! (laughs) No... We'll go dutch. 
So the surgery was this morning?  
Yeah! 
What does that mean?  
Bonjour.  
I thought you said you didn't want to spend any time with me inside the office.  
Or outside of it.  
So you do want to come to Miami with me?  
And you do want to see across from me at work?  
Let's get lunch right now and talk about-- 
Hey, OK, maybe--(Jake opens the door on Amir's face) 
Ok, that sounds pretty cooley to me 
Amongst others 
let me do the hard hitting questions 
HARDHITTING 
(screaming) Jake, Jake this is crazy! 
Caryons or colored pencils? 
WHat? 
AHH 
I don't know what that means (Crying) I'm so afraid 
Favorite Los Angeles Ram, in order 
I wanna die, no please 
What's it like to be on a team with such a losing record? Does it  
I can't breath 
Cuz you're, a lot of people think that you're the worst player on the worst team. 
I'm gonna die 
Because you can't, can't block and you can't catch. And those are pretty much two big pieces of the puzzle right there 
Ow (Muffled screaming) 
I feel like, ok, let's talk about your life. you do a lot of great great stuff off the field but i feel like sometimes you embarrass your family and friends by taking naked pictures of yourself and putting them on the internet! I'm sorry everyone was talking about it 
muffled screams 
You know, oh it's great that your here. I wanted to ask you what  
hey, what the hell man 
W-wait, I have a few video ideas.  
Yeah, but that's because brainstorming is not about listening. 
All right, listen up! We reanimate The Little Mermaid. 
In 2D. 
In 1D then. Huh?  
All right, the voice actor who plays Tony the Tiger thinks everything is 'Grrreat'! 
Yeah, it went over pretty well. Didn't it? 
BITCH!  
(holding a yogurt) It's a commercial for yogurt. 
You're the joke, if you don't like this rich yogurt. (takes a spoonful and then spits it out) I don't like it.  
Few song parody ideas. (sings) They tried to make me sign on G-chat and I said yo, yo, yo. (pause, continues singing) I've got an orange, fruit, that tonight's going to be a good night.  
All right, it's a frat house, but it's in 3900 B.C., what?! 
No, mine takes place in Rome and that's completely non-negotiable. So.  
Wow. I'm bleeding. 
What if roosters had watches? Haha, I think it would go a little something like this: clock-a-doodle-doooo. (pause) Swing and a miss from Blumenfeld. Ha. Get off the stage butt-head. Nah, that was a good idea. 
You know how sometimes people just forget how to eat?  
OK.  
All right, one more, and Jake is already on board with this one in a major way.   
Well, you haven't even heard it yet. 
La-la-oh-la-la. Ro-ma-ro-ma-ma. Ga-ga-oh-la-la, want your good orange.  
Yes.  
(rapping) Yo yo yo, we wanna say, thank you, from the bottom of our heart, from the start, make-- 
(still rapping) True dat, uh uh uh, why you do dat? 
Hah, donating money maybe. 
Exactly. 
And now the real reason you donated money 
(singing) I thought I saw a man brought to life... 
...How? (laughs) 
Don't look at me like I'm the idiot, you said the stupid thing this time! 
(singing) He was a warm, he came around, and he was dignified... 
Every time I donate, it feels- like,, it feels like to me,, like you know how-- alright, so like, when you go clothing fsh-, err sh-, shopping for groc- alright... focus. 
Now, if you donated more than twenty dollars, please click below to activate a special Jake and Amir joke, seen onl-- 
We'll figure something out-- 
We'll do-- we can do it in post, right? 
That's a yes. 
(singing) Don't seem to know, seem to care, what your heart is for... 
I know I know I know I know, I'm just, I'm on my Google Reader thing 
It's like an RSS aggregator. 
I can get.. funny pictures and stuff on here. 
(singing passionately) There's just so many things, that I am searching for! (Jake joins in on backing vocals) I'm all out of faith, this is how I feel... 
Some people are donating money, other people are donating time... 
Nothing, and that's okay-- 
I know, it's not. Which is why I'm.. gonna donate money. 
Ok, I will. 
Out with the wallet in with the n-- Out with the wallet in with the new. 
(singing) I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn. (Jake stops singing) You're a little late, I'm already tornnnnn... 
Come on. 
(singing) Oooooohhhh... ahhhyyeeaaaaahhhh... (Jake hits the final chord) 
Hi, my name is Jake and you're watching my best friend and me do comedy videos. 
OK! Focus please, we only have an hour to do this. 
OK, you know what else isn't helpful? The tickle monster! 
Hoho! Swing and a- 
Aah! 
Dang it! 
You got me that time. 
Ooh, snap-- 
I shall be right back. 
(Laughing) Oh, I'm sorry. You. Are. Too. Slooow. (Laughs) 
Noooo! No! No! No! No! No! (Cries) Why! 
I can't have this! Not today! (Cries) I love you so much! (Cries) Please, please call be back! Why! Why, why, why! 
Sup! 
Yes! (Rapping) Let's get down to business, I don't got a (inaudible) Hell yeah! (laughs) 
Sorry! Again. 
BRB, in the Middle E. I shall be right back. I will call you back mother-fucker. 
You are not getting a dime of this money! Not. One. Dime! Understood? 
I have killed before, I will kill again, that is not the issue! Call me! 
Bonjour madame. (Laughs) 
No? What? Nonsense! 
Oh my gosh! 
I'm blowing up. 
I'm blowing up so you better get the party started. 
I'm blowing up, I'm blowing. (Laughs) 
Nie! Nie you! You are over, you understand me? (Maniacal laughter) 
Uh. (Knocks on door, laughs) Hey, I'm gonna have to take off a little bit early today- 
I'm Amir and this is Jake and he has got some things to say-- 
Okay. 
SHHH, guys! Right now just don't say anything, okay? I never ask you for anything, so be quiet. Thank you. Sorry. 
Would you stop, okay?! You guys are going to blow my spot, okay? I'm trying to do this undercover thing and it's not really working out-- 
No, ma'am... to you. What it is, kid? J. Skrill in the house. 
Why? What did that-- what did that creep-o Murph do this time? 
[with feigned disgust] Ahh! Gross! 
Was it? No. You know what? Can-- you know, me and Murph should just switch desks for permanent and then we can discuss this -- instead of over iChat -- in person. Like two civilized ladies... I do declare. 
Good! You know what? I'm happy because I am getting used to it. I'm getting used to working with people that like me, okay? God forbid I work with my friends for once, huh? You know, you're just jealous. Aren't you? AREN'T YOU?! AREN'T YOU?!! 
[to Jake on the monitor] Hey, um, sorry, uh, you couldn't hear or see that but what happened was I did a backflip and people were so impressed, they applauded me. 
Was it? Yeah. So, you missed my backflip then? 
Uh, so Murph just-- 
I guess it's kinda like a blessing in disguise 'cause as much as I liked those guys and they liked me, sometimes they were getting on my nerves a little, so... I don't know. This might be better in the long run, 'cause-- 
Yeah. 
Hey. Dinner tonight? 
Whoahwhoahwhoah let me guess. Cougartown. 
Sexy. 
(scratches thighs and moans, in moany voice) My thighs are burning! 
It looks like someone spilled a smoothie or something on my groin and knees. 
I'm trying not to think about it- Whoa. Your birthday's on a Monday. 
(chuckles) Kinda sucks, 'cause it's like, do you do something the Friday before? Or like, do you do it at a club?  
No, haha, no! No, your birthday in 2011. 
Is on a Monday, yeah. So I got this new calender thing, I'm just trying to fill 'er up. 
(laughs) I'm just gonna pencil in Friday and Saturday, that way if you want to do something, like a me-only thing on a Friday- 
We can do that and then on Saturday you can have, like, a, open it up to a bigger crew, we can go to, like a club, or like have a barty or something. 
Yeah, like a barty, like a bar-party- 
(rambling and mumbling barty nonsense) 
Oh, I do. (laughs) 
Yes, well nothing is set in stone. I still have to call the mason. (laughs) No, but, um, I think we're taking a cruise.  
Yeah, I think we might be. 
We are! Ok, and as soon as you find out where we're going, you're gonna be changing your tune. 
Unsure. 
(confused face) What? 
Deal. Let's just drop it. (singing) Drop it like it's hot, drop, drop it like it's hot. 
2014, are you thinking a spring wedding? Because I'm looking at a bunch of bed-and-breakfast places, and, most of them are avail. Oh, scratch that. They all are. And speaking of scratching it. (moans and scratches thighs) 
Wow, I'm gonna hang up and we're gonna try that again. 
Ar-r-r-r-right let's keep taking, I don't have time for this. 
I'm yours.  
Wazzaaap? 
J-just walking to work myself 
But, you picked up the phone when I called which is as good as 
Better than 
Either way, I'm just walking to work and was wonder- oh my god I think I just stepped on a bum! 
Oh my god! No you know I think it was a baby 
Uh scratch that scratch that, I think it might just be a bag of trash. Jake! 
Oh my, okay. Relax, it was a baby. Laughs 
Any hootie in the blowfish, just wanted to know if you wanted any breakfast from the Ds as I'm walking by one, going out of my way I might add 
Well, if you wanted and chick nuggs or some QPCs just LMK 
Yezz 
Whoa, whoa, whoa, they have a new 60 piece meal? 
Holla Cheryl, haha I'm good. How's Teresa and the kids? Haha good. Can I get 3 20 piece meals aaand  - 
I'm still thinking for me, ok? And another 4 piecer and let's throw another yoghurt parfait on the fryer, just cause I like the smell, thank you. Roberto! How are you doing dude? Yeah, Jake's fine, he's just being a little bitch man. 
Jake? 
Jake dont-don't-don't-don't change it, don't change it, don't change it, don't change it, it's me, it's amir, look, look at my dick 
I'm sorry. You are baaad 
I could say the same thing for you, bitch 
I'm not naked either okay, I'm bottomless 
Pants-less though 
Jake, a word 
It's just that ever since you've been hanging out with Sarah I feel like a little lef... 
Yeah, sorry, it's just that you always say no, after a while it starts to w... 
...yes every once in a while, okay, you... 
Home 
Home is where the heart is... so... yeeaasss 
I'm not! 
Thanks for this, now no one in the office will know the crazy naked person is actually me, Amir 
Yup. 
(chuckles) What? No. 
Really? 
I don't care what what little orphan rosy thinks! Rosy was it? 
Let's do it (claps) I'll get my bag.(Leaves) 
[mumbling] Hey you're watching Jake and Amir 
I think I'm gonna throw up [wretches] 
You'd love that wouldn't you? 
Well, sorry but I'm not sick, alright? Never have... [silence] 
Well you never know right? 
Alright, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna cough in your mouth, if you're not sick in two days, I was right. If you are sick in two days we'll chalk that up to being a weird coincidence and we'll call it a draw 
That's correct 
I am that confident 
Okay, now you're not making sense. Just get over here buttfucker! 
[Shaking his head] I dont know 
What's the matter Jakey? 'Fraid you won't get sick? 
You're... You're not... You are not afraid that you- 
That's fine 'cos I don't need to know what opposites are 
Yes well what I don't know, can't kill me 
No 
No 
Definitely not 
Listen, can I just come over there and- 
Oh I bet you think I'm so- 
I wasn't gonna say that 
(Laughs) I think he took her from behind. Oh! 
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh no! Oh, no. Oh, no. Ugh. 
I don't know. Pat, did you? 
This is crazy! 
Sorry. You want anything? Glass of water? 
Oh my god, no. Let's not. Let's not move quite yet.  
No! No, no, no, no, no. Not again, nobody say anything. 
Ah! Sorry. It's just been a long day. It has nothing to do with you. 
We can explain. 
She is pretty hot, dude.  
Hey you're watching Jake and me [laughs] Tell me that wasn't cute 
Yeah right 
[Continues groaning] 
[Still groaning] 
My dog died okay? He was eaten by a wolf at my parent's house. There, are you happy? 
Sorry about what? 
Sorry to hear that? Or sorry that he died? 
No... No I'm sorry something's not... Something's not adding up something's not making sense 
If you killed my dog, you know you- 
So why are you apologizing hm? Why are you... What are you sorry about? 
Whoah whoah, what'd you say? You're sorry that a wolf ate- 
I never said that a wolf ate my dog! Huh? 
Did I? 
Yeah, right. Right, yeah dang it. You have to admit that would have been pretty clever though if i caught you like that 
So you admit it! 
Yeah I'm like 50/50 on it 
Alright okay fine! I don't have a dog okay? I just wanted to catch you in a lie 
I just... you always catch me in lies I thought I'd catch you in one 
Oh wow! Big whoop! 
Yeah, dang it 
Jake and Amir watching you are. 
Chewy, actually. 
Snowstorms right? I remember as a kid, I used to play outside during a snowstorm on my front lawn, trying to spell S.O.S with my tracks. I don't know why. What was I trying to be saved from? Those were the best days of my life. 
When it's this much, you can't even tell if it's falling down or going up- 
Everywhere, it's white on white, it's pure, it's beautiful. There is no direction, it just, is. 
It's funny how winter kind of sneaks up on you, you know? Every year I'm surprised again for the first time. 
I guess life is about being spontaneous. 
Look how beautiful it is outside. I'm already in jail. 
In a couple of years we're going to look back on this day and realize, this was the day that the cops came and I hid behind the copy machine and you covered for me even though you didn't want to. 
It was our word against Rosie's. He didn't stand a chance. Our friendship was solidified by the risk you were willing to take for me. 
You said you weren't going to cover for me but deep down inside, you knew that you had to. 
At the end of the day, I had some shit on you that the police couldn't find out about and if they did, you'd be the one sitting next to me in that jail cell. 
March 15, 1999 you- 
(runs away) 
Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir! 
Likewise! 
Help! 
Sorry, almost lost my cool there for a second. 
Filling out your March Madness Bracket? 
I don't know why, it's just a Hallmark holiday right? Perpetrated by the grating card business to sell  
Do you want this chocolate bunny or not? 
A long shot to win the whole thing, hmm. Don't mind if I per-due! 
Wow.. that was awful.  
Hey, how do you spell 'hoops'? 
Hmm.. True that. 
I-- I'm sorry, you.. you're not funny. There are good jokes and there are bad jokes but that was so...  
Aw gorsh damn-nit I spelled 'North Carolina' wrong. 
Not this tournament 
Yeah. 
I'm sorry, if it bends its funny, if it breaks its not funny and you broke it. It's shattered, it's gone, it's...  
A sixteen has never beaten a one, yet when i was sixteen... I beat plenty of ones. 
One-year olds, that is. 
It's just that comedy is tragedy plus time and your comedy is just tragedy, it stinks, it's bad, it's awful  
Well, you're not rootin' for Kansas anymore, Toto. 
What was that? imitates laughing 
Taking a picture. Do it one more time imitates Jake's laugh again 
Alright. Check out this final score tiebreaker 
Yeah, it's not likely, but if it hits I'll be-- 
Unless it hits... 
sings Duke you have the time, to listen to me, Duke? No, I don't to the Duke, no Duke about it! 
I mean you're trying to come up with jokes, and that in itself is funny like hahahaha but no, man. Don't. 
You think its called 'Zero-cuse' University? Because they have zero cuses. 
Yeah, my answer stands. 
You're obsessed. 
sings Sometime I give myself the.. 
Isn't it weird that we do this every year but we never play basketball together? 
That's why I propose that we-- 
Let me finish. That we play basketball together. Oh wait that's not weird anymore 
Hi. 
You are watching., so. 
(quickly) You'rewatchingJakeandAmir! 
(smiling) I know, right? Aaah! (Amir's signature aaah!) 
[I'm] Doing yoga, so. 
Yeah. It's the hot yoga, so. Bikram. 
Yeah, well I didn't wanna change at work, ok, cuz it's gross here. 
No, I didn't (imitating Jake's tone) walk to work in that. I took the bus! 
And? 
AND? 
So let me get this straight 
Put on a break! Bihtin br-- 
(same tone as his first interjection) Gimme a break! 
Yeah-- 
--Sorry, you weren't saying gimme shoes, gimme this, so-- 
Yeah, so I made due. You know, when live gives you lemons, (falsetto) you make due! 
Okay, yes, forget it, because I'm late for yoga! 
(loudly and annoyedly) OH MY GOD, no, I haven't been to yoga yet; I don't even know where I can enroll! 
NO, I'M NOT ENROLLED IN A YOGA CLASS! Okay, I'm sorry, last time I checked, I came into work, and you stopped me, huh? I didn't say anything. So let's just sit across from each other, keep are nose to the f***ing grindstone and not talk to each other for half a second, huh? Is THAT an option, DUDE? 
ehehg! I... was... MESSING WITH YOU, MAN! Hahahah, come on, let's hug it out over that one-- 
Yeah, we're definitely hugging it out-- 
WE DEFINITELY ARE! 
Hey, you're watching, wait for it...  
Wait for it-  
Explain.  
Umm... No you're not. laughs  
Okay, you're not Jake, 'cause Jake doesn't look like that.  
Yes, I have considered that. But have you considered this, if a wizard changed your face why did he change your voice?  
laughs and clears throat (seriously) Really?  
If you're Jake, then when's his birthday?  
5th... Yeah.  
W- Why'd you say this is J- this is Jordan?  
What?  
I trust you. laughs This is crazy! What- How does it- What is- What was the wizard?  
Whaa- Hey?  
What's going on?  
Oww!  
That really hurt.  
Why would I pass ou- (Jake hits amir over the head again) Hey! Come on, quit it. Alright?  
So you know how if you throw a penny off the Empire Statement Building it can kill someone? If you throw a quarter off, can it  kill 25 people? 
It's not supposed to be funny, okay, it's just supposed to be impressive that I did the math right. 
Oh no. 
No no, just that my stupid dumbass butthead cousins Linford and Leron are here! 
It's fine, you can do it. 
Linford! 
And you think I care why? 
Okay. 
[Laughs] April fool's bitch! 
I don't know, solidarity brother. Why is yours in? 
Oh my gosh, hehe. So, thank you everyone.  
Done-zo, so now what do we do? Its still early. The night is young. 
Well dont because I already- I asked you from five to eight PM if you were doing anything and you said no. And that only took thirty seconds. 
Well, I was booking you for the entire- 
Where are you going? I was booking you for the entire time! Ah, dammit. 
DONT hang up! 
Hey Laura. Hi, your sons acting like a real a-hole again- 
Oh shit 
Cuuut, cutcutcutcut-- 
I don't know, I don't know what cut means. 
Ho-ly GUAC. This iPad thing is ridinkydonky; I need one, bababababaaadd! 
This iPad thing is ridickydonk; I need one, bad. 
A loser says what? 
...Wat? 
I thought you said what, which would make you a loser! 
NO! 
This iPad thing is crazy though. I never wanted anything more in my entire life-- 
It revolutionizes it! 
It's just crazy how they made it.. it's so small. 
It's enormous. 
And that's crazy because it's weightless! 
It's completely weightless. 
Yeah. 
Nothing! It does everything! 
Exactly. (winking and pointing at Jake) 
Okay he told you to shut up, Pat; BUTT OUT! 
Ok this is an A to B conversation, so C your way out of it, right? C your way out of D room.. that's right, get E-way! Get the F away! G, you're still H-ere? I don't know why, because I, J told you to K.. 
L. 
Hey, to you. 
Well then why am I here? 
Shawty's like a melody in my head that I can't keep out, got me singing like na na na na everyday, it's like ipod's stuck on replay. No way, no way-way-way-way-way-way-way-way. 
Sorry, this is super loud, which makes me talk super loud cause you can't hear the sound of your own voice. Have you ever noticed that, it's like everytime- 
Who died? Amir laughs 
Really? Erh. My bad.  
MM? 
I like the blue ones 
Ow! 
Ok, obviously I wouldn't say anything unless it really really hurt, alright. You know me man, you know I keep silent unless it kills, but it really hurts. 
Ok, you know what? How about you smile and I'll throw one of these pebbles in your mouth, we'll see how you like it, ok? 
Ooh see! Oh wait no, you can't because I threw one of the pebbles in your eyes and now you can't and you won't shut up about it. But when I do it I'm a huge dill-weed, so how's that fair? Huh? 
Hey, we're Jake and Amir from collegehumor.com, and we're here to unveil the nominees for the 14th Annual Webby Awards. 
Yes, you know, as Webby Award winners, we sorta know what it takes to get that prize. What do you need to do? You have to have hustle, comedy— 
Dedication... What? 
Well, just to be nominated is such a thrill; it's an honor! 
Okay... (whispering) So why are we doing this? 
No, you agreed to help them out; I didn't agree to do anything! 
All right, I'm calling my agent. (gets up) 
I thought you were my agent. 
Okay... (sits down) Let's talk it out. Do you really think this is a good career opportunity for me? 
Okay, here's what we're going to do 
That's right; we're talking Best Acting, Best Editing, Best Female Editing. 
Okay, Best Writing, Best.. Acting Writing, so... 
Okay, just try to enjoy it (gets up to approach camera), knowing that our BLOOD, SWEAT, AND TEARS WENT INTO THIS, AND— 
Ooh, bravo, bravo! 
Okay, I can explain. Sarah walked into the office, right? And she was all... 
Then Pat was all-- 
Will you let me finish, okay? Anyway-- 
And then-- 
So I walk in, like a hero or whatever, and-- 
Uh, yeah, ha! 
(squeal noise) 
Okay I am NOT doing my taxes! 
Not me! Not legally! 
Okay, gimme them. Gimme the taxes then, because I haven't done mine either! 
Yeah, I think I gave a boatload of money to the Amir Blumenfeld Foundation for NOT GIVIN' A SHIT! 
Hi, you're watching the award winning Jake and Amir. 
Great question 
Who are you? 
No - you don't look anything like him, I'm sorry. 
Oh! There you are. (Laughs loudly) I didn't recognise you with your shirt like that. 
Alright, so what'd you find out?  
Whoa, whoa - not his dislikes, OK? I'm not paying you for his dislikes. 
Aah. 
I might not be able to refer you because you do choke pe- 
Yes, I'll refer you. 
Who are you? 
(grunts) 
Woah, really? 
SHHHHHH 
SHHERRH... Jake, Umm, what are you thinking about later I'm thinking of having a Sprite. Do you think, do you think that? 
Me too, that's why I'm going to.  
Umm I don't know, I just felt like we can chill... in... Toronto, Ontario, Canada your home town... 
AND WE CAN HAVE SPRITE. 
Alright you're really fucking me on this man. 
What am I talking about? None of this information is right! That's what I'm talking about. 
Okay? 
Who's Drake? 
SHHH- 
(in unison, Amir trying to talk over Ben) I... HAVE A... SMALLL... PENISSSS 
So... do you like hanging out with hip-hop moguls? 
I didn't! You..lik.. I was talking about.. err.. bird man. 
Bird ma... no, what? Coz you're coz (mumbles) coz your hip-hip-hop career. 
No- 
No 
NOO! 
Yeahhh (frustrated breath noise)... NOO... No... 
NO. 
(with smile on his face) Oh yeah. 
(quietly, in agreement) yeah- 
(singing) You seee nothing but Samuellll. 
Alrigh- 
Not yet! 
Oh. 
(interrupting) Yeah yeah and FOLLOW-UP rule, everyone!-- 
Uh, everyone has to have fun! 
Alright buddy, we got this! We got this! Come on, pure energy, you're energy, you go through me, I will not quit, you will not quit, you com-- you don't complete me, you are me! Come on, soulmate, ONE time, we got this. Jakey's dominating this 'SHUP contest! Yeeah! You're my soulmate, right? Choose a number one through a hundred, I guarantee I guess it within five! I guarantee it! Guess! Guess! Guess! You got this, baby! YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down, YUP and down. Come on! When I say J you say Witz! J! (Jake grunts) J! ... J! ...... J! J! Ugh, don't forget to invite me to Gmail, ok? I know you have ninety-nine invites and I didn't get one, just send it to my Hotmail! Please! Please! Please! Every time you go down you're making love to a sweet hot chick, that's right and eight out of ten! Nine in a dress! You want that! You wanna hit that! Down! Up, in, agh, come on! You're so close to cumming! (the background cheering stops) She's so close to cumming! She wants it! Oh! Harder! Yeah! Yeah! Oh, you can feel it! You want this to last forever, can it last forever? The answer is, forever isn't long enough! The condom broke but you don't care because you want to have an offspring with her! Yeah! Yeah! Make her yell! She's gonna cum! She's gonna cum! You love her! She's gonna caaaaaayyyeEEAAAHHHHhh. 
Ok, so, that was... nine, I think. I wasn't.. I wasn't completely counting, but who did more than nine? Just as like a.. (He points around the room; no one reacts.) Did you? You? No? Cuz you weren't.. So nobody. Alright! Ah. We win! 
Hey Craig, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Yeah, and people who are not named Craig. 
Jake. I figured out a way to save time. 
By wiping before you shit? 
How does what save you any time? 
[Louder] How does what save you any time, though? How does what, [pause] save you any time, that is. 
It does. 
And I'm telling you that it is, a time saver. 
And I believe you, that you believe me, that is, because it is. 
Ya just do it! You wipe, and then you shit. 
You don't have to because it does. 
Ok! 
Hm hm! 
[High-pitched] Yeah! 
[High-pitched] Yep! 
[Laughs] We can agree to agree because it does! AHH! 
[Laughing] It is fine, because it does. 
I am never wrong sometimes. 
Yes but if you switch the order it makes it so time is saved so, ahh! [laughs] 
[laughs] Yes I do. 
Ok 
It is Ok because it does save time. 
[Singing and pretending to play an instrument] It is ok because it does save time, It is ok because it does save time. 
[Still singing and playing] Yes it does, Yes it does. 
[Still singing] Yes it does it does save time, yes it does it does save time. [gets louder] Yes it does it does save TIME! 
AHHH 
I can't breathe! 
LET GO! All I'm saying is that if you wipe before you shit there's not a lot of shit there so you don't have to wipe as much! That's it! It's a time saver! 
That's it, yeah. 
Because it saves time. 
[nodding] What doesn't make sense? 
Wow, you are trying way too hard. 
Now, question, and it's an important one so think wisely— 
(cringing) That sucks... Right? 
Sucks so hard. ...Doesn't it? ..Sucks so badly, doesn't it? 
...Sucks so bad and hard— 
I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that it doesn't suck, okay? 
I'm not gonna sit here and watch you cry about it, 'cause that's not gonna help— 
Yeah, you're not crying yet, but once the tears flow, how is that gonna save everything? 
Tell—Tell me how the tears will help [Jake 
(mock crying) Oh my god, my files—I left my files home; it was so important— 
(still mock crying) Oh, but now my day's ruined, and I have to eat cat food, and I don't know what to do because I don't like the dry ones, it's too crisy, and the wet ones are too soggy so I have to mix it together, but it still tastes too salty to eat. (cries and bangs desk) WHY?! (looking at computer) Oh, damn it... 
Uh, yeah. Of course. [Pause, Jake confused.] Look at me. (laughs) Look at me. Hey! Look at me. Look at me. 
Things are gonna be fine, okay? 
Okay. If this is the worst thing that happened to you today... (laughs) 
Guess what? You have a very blessed life. 
'Cause that means you're not gonna die today. ...So, pretty good— 
Okay. 
Hey, you're watching Jake's phone number.  
I'm talking about 2031- 
L is for the way you look-  
at me!  
O- What do you mean what am I doing, isn't it obvious? I'm showing you up.  
It's- It's a song. Which is like poetry, except it's not gay, 'cause you sing it.  
Isn't it ga- 
Kay, so...  
That was bad. (laughs) 
Aura.  
Wow, umbrella?  
U should be for uninspired, or unapologetically underwhelming. YOU should go back to poetry school.  
What about...  
unrelenting.  
Unrelenting.  
Still. Rigatoni?  
Really?  
Yeah, that's close enough. I'm sure she'd appreciate that.  
Again.  
Arms again...  
I think she has two, but-  
Go for it then.  
Because it's gonna be good when you say it twice.  
Yeah, I'm sure she loves you whether you say arms twice.  
Jake also got you a gift card for $100 to a spa.  
So...  
No probs.  
I didn't get her anything, because mother's day is a Hallmark holiday. So...  
It is also her birthday, yes.  
Two Hallmark holidays for the price of one. Free! (laughs)  
'Cause I ain't spendin' anythin'! (tries to take the card away from Jake) Can I get that card back, actually, because it's also her anniversary-  
Hey, you're watching Jake and me! 
Jinx! 
..K. 
(to Jake, thinking he is talking to him) Yo! 
Yo yo yo-- 
(laughs) I dunno-- 
Yeah, n- they're good. 
Wassap. 
She's fin-- 
(laughing along) How's your mom? Heh.. What? 
I wen- I went home and I had a whole box of Saltines without water, which seems to be impossibl-- 
No I..-- 
Did I? 
Who-- I know. 
I know me. 
HAHAh- I don't wanna.. do that. 
(laughing) I know you. 
(smiling) What do we say?-- 
(smiling) How we say ittt, aahh! 
(trying to say it at the same time as Jake) --Die together.. (laughs hard) We do say that! 
(goes quiet) Aah.. ehh..-- 
Good to hear-... 
nAAH I love you too. 
Hello? 
Why? 
HAha! We're back! (in a bad Rick James impression) We're back James, bitch! 
SHH! SHH SHH! (dancing) SHH SHH, SHH SHH, SHH SHH, SHHHHHEOUGHHH (makes a rocket launch noise, then an explosion noise) 
See ya, Joe... 
You were on the phone. 
(strung together, silly voice) For a split second I thought you were talking to me! 
I know. 
Nyaa! 
[Laughs hysterically but then suddenly turns straight faced] Oh 
[Taking off his headphones] What's up? 
Nice mustache! 
They don't know that! 
[Getting up] Oh! Here we go! [Runs up to Jake] 
Boom, baby! 
[Yelling] Whoo! 
The uhh.... my kick. Hey, can I actually ask you a super personal question.... 
OK, you've been acting like a real bitch ever since that kick, did I say something to you? Or do something? 
That's not a phrase, OK? Nobody's talking to you! 
Jake, wait! [Jake turns around] OK your sunglasses look ridiculous and stupid! They look really dumb! 
[Singing] Na na naaa na..... na na naaa na..... 
[Lauging] Haha, Mondays! 
And 
Really? I though there was one more 
Okay just give me that cube already ok it's so frustrating watching you try to solve it. 
I could solve any cube 
Only if you want me to solve the Rubik's Cube that depends on whether [Jake throws the cube and hits Amir in the face] . . . OW! 
This really kills 
Okay you threw this on purpose! 
You admit it 
Alright I'm throwing this back at your face alright. Oh, do I have a bump? 
Here give me your hand. Do you feel this? Do you feel this? [Amir is rubbing his own hand on his face] 
Do you feel this? 
Well ya I feel it ok. I'm throwing this dumb thing back at your face right now. 
It wouldn't make me feel better, it would make you feel worse 
Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. ya. ya. ya. ya. ya. ya. 
You're scared right, now you know how I felt 
Oh bull spit, I saw it coming at me, on me, or in me 
Ok, ha, we are homies again 
Ha ha [Slaps his forehead] ha, oh my gosh that didn't even hurt at all 
And no catching, I didn't catch it! 
For all of us here at Jake and Amir, happy holidays 
Whateva 
UHHHHHH what book are you reading? 
No shit, that's why I asked what you were reading. 
Okay what? 
Tell me about it. No news is good new though. 
Yeah that's why... It proves my point. 
What's the big deal, just stuff it with garbage, that's what I would do. 
Yeah... disappointing for me? Err... 
For the wolf. 
I think the scariest thing isn't the rate at which the oil is spilling but rather spiders! Okay those things are freaky for real. 
"Yeah" you agree or "Yeah" you're just getting me to shut up? 
If you could change one thing about the oil spill what would it be... 
...and why? Hmm, little harder than you thought. 
Soil, foil, Susan Boyle. 
Noil 
Drill baby drill huh, more like kill baby krill. 
If only krill was a word. 
Yeah forget it. Forget it, it's got it, it's gone. 
There's this episode of Saved by the Bell where uh... 
No the one where Zach impersonates a Russian chess player from Valley and let's Screech beat him. 
Cuz it's funny! 
As sad as this whole oil spill thing is, it might be like the one catalyst that sort of springs us and the world in general to sort of think about alternative energy sources going forward. 
Yeah... I'm just KIDDING you idiot! Haha you Carfucker I got you! Yeah how about an automobile that runs on ocean water so that when the ocean water spills into the ocean nobody gives a crap? How about... 
You know this whole thing wouldn't be an issue if oil was more dense than water, like I suggested! 
Ah no no no kay kay kay, here we go. How about an automobile that's run on stupid ideas so we can just hook a pump to your ass and you can fart out these shitty ill-conceived notions for the rest of time and we can just power every car in America for the next thirty years. How 'bout that! Or, what about, thinking solar for once. 
Hey, thanks for coming. 
Yeah, what's the speed limit? 
OK, I got a little wiggle room.  
Well they were super cheap. I guess no one wants to see the Reds play.   
(laughs) Not quite at Yankee Stadium, the game is in Cincinnati.  
Da-nati.  
The nati, shasta macnati. What's up? 
We're almost there, relax!  
We're not - (sighs). The game is not in two hours, check the date, it's in 26 hours, idiot. OK, so we're barely going to miss it. 
Yeah, a little bit, but what's the big deal when you got (high pitched) the Overbeck Pottery Museum!  
Yeah, well you're wrong, again, because it's not in either; it's in Cambridge City, Indiana, which sounds far away but it's actually only a six hour drive from Cincinnati, which means road trip #2! 
That's fine. You're just being a little bit of a buzz kill right now but what you need is a high level of the tickle monster! (lets go of wheel to try and tickle Jake) 
(grabs wheel again) Oh my god!  
N-n-n-n-no. I know what you're trying to do, you're trying to get me to let go of the steering wheel. It's not  gonna happen, OK? I don't trust you.  
Do you? OK, let's stop right here then.  
(while walking around to other side) But I hope you realize that this move, this little switch, makes me the DJ of this party-mobile. That's right, all party tunes, all the time. Me and you, haha, OK, uh... 
(on cell leaving voicemail) J.K., it's me, uh, (chuckles) you're an idiot. Look to your right, man.  You are going to realize that I am not there. (chuckles again) 
Hey, you're watching Goodwill Hunting, starring Denzel Washington. 
AAAaaahhhwwwwazzaapp? 
(putting on his glasses) Nah. I'm good. 
So yeah, I can see why you'd think that, based on all this (gesturing around). 
Door is open because I um... (makes a door-closing gesture)... Alright FINE I was asleep, ok you caught me! 
Jake, ok, I'm sorry, it's too early for this. 
Yes, well the door is open because I fell asleep before I got a chance to close it, ok? 
Yeah, it was going to be, but I (makes a snoring noise) zonked out. 
(smiling) Ya caught me again. You BASTARD! Hahaha, you're on today! (Extends his arm for a high five.) 
Oh, no, the treats. 
Yes, that's because it's better to ask for forgiveness, than for permission. 
Ok. Just wipe me and we can go, please. 
Yes, please wet the toilet paper-- 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir! 
--biiitch! 
Same. 
Same same. 
Same same thing that you jokesters are laughing about. 
(looking at the picture, smiling and laughing as he speaks) Oh my jee! 
Hey, I'd give Pat a candy bar but he'd just eat it! (laughs) ..No, I'm just messin' with you guys. (clears throat awkwardly) 
Ww- Pat! I saw Pat eating a sandwich yesterday. Lettuce, cheese, tomato-- everything. And what he didn't finish, he just threw away. (to PAT) What's the matter Pat, ain't you ever heard of leftovers for dinner? (laughs) 
Are you calling him fat or wasteful? 
Whatever, it's all the same, right, tubby? 
..No. 
Hey Pat, I'd give you a gift certificate to a restaurant, (to all three) but he'd probably just spend it! (laughs) 
At the restaurant, maybe. (smirks) 
Oh my god, this guy's too fat to even realize he's admitting it! (laughs, then makes a farting noise with his mouth) Pat farted! (quietly) No... 
What? Smelled bad maybe. 
Yeah, smelled like food, (pointing at PAT) 'cuz that's what this guy had.. for breakfast. Gobble, gobble (acting out putting stuff into his mouth). 
I KNOW. I'm messing with you, maan. 
No. 
Yeah well at least my little brother didn't die! 
..So. 
(quietly, with silence in between) Um. Um. No... So. 
Wow, you're so good. Why don't you just do all the intros without me? 
NO! 
Uh, it's not a toy; it's a 3D puzzle game. Yeah... 
Show you? 
Oh, teach you how to solve the cube? 
Uh... how to.. solve it. 
Um... I will. Okay, so basically, it's simple. The first step is— 
Right. I guess so. Uh, you don't know how to do it, though, so... 
Weller. Okay, uh, so the first step is to do the entire front face the same, so right now— 
Okay (said as Oh-kay)... uh, yeah. So, well, then it's not called blocks; it's called cubes. 
Uh... right, so, uh, there are algorithms in play, so you wanna— 
I didn't say you didn't know what algorithms were. 
Um, they're ways to move the cube so that you don't mess up what you already have, so right now— 
...Right. So this one's called Right Inverted, Down Inverted, Right, Down. 
Right, well, we're getting close, so just pay attention. 
Whoa. 
Done! Hehe. 
OW! I stubbed my toe! 
Oh yeah! I'm fine. 
What are you doing, and don't say pooing. (laugh) I'm a poet and I didn't even know that I was one of them. 
Private, answer the captain's question! 
Oooh, very good, but a little too late. 
Yes. Oh, 2010 world cup. 
Who ya got? 
Who ya got? 
Who ya got, ya got, ya got shot (loud farting/shitting noise) Ohhh, no, excuse me Mr.  
Stop yelling about it! 
Why don't you be a little more loud about it, ok? I don't think everybody on the third floor heard you. 
Who ya got? 
You have Spain going to the bathroom? 
Aha, Jake has Spain going to the bathroom! 
Oh, fuck me, Jake, you have to help me out. Cmon' they're onto us! 
Jake shit his pants! 
I'm so sorry, I owe you one. 
I did fart, but then I shit, ok? I'm not going to lie about it. 
Who ya got? 
Oh sheesh y'all, 'tis a nightmare! 
Ok, just tell me what to do and I'll do it- 
Hey it's Amir, and your watching Jake and Amir, and... 
I don't know. 
Ahh, Jake get out. 
Jake, you can't see me like this. 
Jake, I am naked! 
I'm not embarrassed, ok? It's just supposed to be a surprise. 
What the heck is that?! 
No, no. You said I could pose like that for inspiration, but the actual masterpiece would be of me and Jake on a tandem bike or a skateboard. 
Have mercy. 
No, my plan was to auction off the painting and split the money with you, 80-20 huh. Now I'm starting to have serious doubts. Well, not serious doubts but im starting to... 
I got ten dollars. 
A hundred dollars. 
Hundred fifty 
Two hundred 
Two fifty. 
This is insane! 
I'm rich! 
I don't know what you're complaining about, ok? I'm gonna take us to dinner with the money that we made. 
Correction. 
You just corrected me. 
(gasp) 
[incoherent high-pitched noise] 
Sorry I freaked out 
that's it 
Babe .  .  .  baaaabe. 
I'm not.  Did you get the letter I sent you, babe? 
I did. I did send you a letter, and let me know when you get it because there's a couple things that I want to clarify.  Firstly, in the opening paragraph-- 
OK, just let me know when you do because I left some things intentionally ambiguous.  
So that I could clarify them later. Oooh! 
Please do. Please do-do. (chuckles) Please do-do, but not in my tea, or in my coffee! Haha, no.  
Oh. You'll get the letter. 
OK, I don't want to argue with you anymore about this stupid letter! 
OK, you're going to get it, and we're going to laugh. And we're going to laugh and we're going to crack up when you read it.  
Which you will. 
OK, forget it. I'm going to change the subject. (pause) What do you think is in the letter? 
(rapidly) Because before we were talking about whether or not you would get it and now we're talking about the contents of the letter.  
Yeah, well I'm not going to not talk about the letter, I want to talk about the letter! 
You didn't get the letter. 
Because I never sent a letter! 
You placate me too often.  I address that in the letter.  (pause) Somewhat ambiguously, but I would clarify it later. (pause) Any odds you already got it?  
Eating lunch; is that okay? Or is it not lunchtime yet? 
Oh... 
Crabs, lobster, shrimp, anything with a shell. 
Turtles also have shells. 
That's how she said. (laughs) 
A how-she says what? 
You're a how-she. 
From a guy in front of our building. 
No, I bought crabs from, like, a guy in a truck? 
Like a pickup truck? 
No! I bought crabs with money! 
Okay, well, it's still alive! 
What, you want me to eat these alone outside? (lifts up bag of crabs as they fall out) OH NO! 
Yeah, and tuck the crabs into your pants, okay? I want these babies back dead or alive! Preferably both. 
One of each! Oh! (tosses mallet) 
Clever like a cra-OWW! ONE'S GRABBING MY DI— 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Likewise. 
What? 
Thank you. 
I do. Now I do. 
Pay to play, baby. Pay to play... baby. 
No. 
Pay to play! 
Rick Roll'd, bitch! 
Yeah. 
Show yourselves. 
You know what—you're right, I'm just going to start unsending these, one by one. 
Alright, you know what, they want silence? If they want silence, I'm gonna give them silence. I'm gonna give them radio silence!  Not word one from me, not a peep, starting, now. 
You sell out. 
Whoa, what's that? 
Don't mind if I do. [takes muffin] 
[speak with a mouth full of muffin from now on] Whoa, what's in this? 
[interrupting] Oh no! [choking noise], I'm allergic to apples! [choking noise] 
[choking noise] Well I'm allergic to other stuff, what else is in this? 
Walnuts! [coughs] Eggs, yeast, flower, milk, muffins. 
Peas 
I can't spit it out, ok! My throat's closing! Why did you give this to me? 
[pointing to Jake's iMac] Well that's an apple walnut computer, you don't see me eating that. 
I just realised I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die because of the muffin because of you; There's gonna be blood on your hands! 
I'm gonna die just like that president did. 
[in a normal voice] Fun fact, Millard Fillmore. 
[starts choking again] 
My throat's closing, I can't spit it out! 
[disgusting choking noises] 
Have you seen the new Facebook redesign? It's really whack; it's so bad. 
So no hey? 
You're a dick. 
Hey, do you have a minute? 
[interrupting] I'm pregnant! 
Yeah. 
Shit just got real, huh. Bet you feel pretty stupid for complaining about something as mondane and silly as email contacts now. 
Yeah, I had my doubts. 
Mmhmm, but I'm fairly confident that I'm now with child. 
Backaches. 
Headaches. 
Tender breasts. 
Very! [touches breast] Ow! 
Then how do you explain my morning sickness? 
65 chicken nugget skins and an industrial size tin of expired ketchup that Leron found from an abandoned Wendy's. 
[interrupting] Wait, let me finish! Also some expired yoghurt, expired eggs... 
And something Leron calls, Satan's freckles, which is just stale wheat toast made moist in the middle by the tears that come out my eyes from when he tickles me too much. 
I took a pregnancy test and I passed. 
[pulls out pregnancy test box] Ohhhhh! [in a high pitched voice] 
[pointing to pictures on the box] Plus, negative. I'm have a baby. 
Uhh, yes, I did. 
You think I just stood in the middle of a pharmacy and peed on a box and then they made me buy the box because they saw me pee on it? 
One hundred thousand Facebook fans! W— 
Yeah, well, you were kind of in it before. I just wanted to.. spend some time thanking each and every one of you, one at a time. 
Joseph Able—It was supposed to be five minutes, giving a little personal message to everyone of them. 
How long would that possibly take? 
Okay, what, you don't have time—ooh, do you think you're gonna die in the next year, that you don't have time? 
Do you think you're gonna die? 
Do you think you're ever gonna die? 
..Promise me you'll never ever, ever, ever, ever die. 
You mean, ouch.  
Yeah. Our bodies are now the same, our souls however, have switched. Haven't you ever seen Freaky Friday? 
Incorrect! I have, so thus, you have. You saw it at a Best Buy.  You cried at the end.  
My landlord.  
My apartment.  
Call me back . . . later. 
Hm, blame yourself, I'm you.  
5559 
High-archy.  
ki-ki. 
Lady.  
The tadpole? 
I'm surprised you didn't remember that, me.  
I knew this would work. Jamie Lee Curtis has never lied to me! 
Do it. It'll just hurt you. 
Heh-heh, stop hitting yourself. Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting yourself! Stop hitting your-- 
Ow. (pause) I mean, ouch.  
Hey, you're watching me and my best friend! 
Yes. I. Am! 
Okay. Well-- don't go anywhere, 'cuz I need a witness! 
Well I need a witness! 
Okay. Uh, I'm Amir Blumenfeld, and this is my... certified... emergency medical assistant-- 
--it's fine-- Jake Hurwitz. Uh, and, I'm gonna be trying to break the world record for longest time holding your breath. 
Rrrrrrgh. Okay. Uh, this is a verbal agreement, because we both understand... the inherent risk involved in this stunt, and we both agree to pay... twenty-five hundred dollars to the Guinness Book of World Records if this video is fraudulent. I agree. Do you agree? Just say yes. 
Well what the fu-- 
I agree. Do you agree? 
[pause] Let's get started. 
Okay, fine. I agree to pay the whole thing. Let's just-- do this; you're messing me up. 
Alright. This is attempt number one. 
Alright, cut. 
Longest holding-of-breath, attempt number one. 
Just-- okay. It's just a little more impressive if I do it in one! Right? It's so obvious that that's what I was tr-- 
Attempt number one. 
What the hell was that? 
You're a f**king narc. 
Okay, attempt number one. 
Because you said something! 
So... cut. [tries to find the right button] Which one? 
Okay, attempt number one. 
Rrrrgh. 
We can always ed--... th-- edit that part out. 
Because I'm trying to-- make it impressive; I wanna get in the Book. 
...Okay. No cheating. 
Start. 
Cut it! 
Aaaah, I browned out! 
I browned out, but I survived! How long was that? 
[deep breathing] Gahhhhhhh... 
I browned out! 
Hey, wait, why is that red light on? 
Yeah. 
...You recorded it, right? 
You did get it, though? 
Okay, good. I trust y-- 
Check your e-mail. 
Check it again then. 
Huh, my e-mail always gets sent after just one line. 
Any ideas on how to fix that? 
Don't I know it. Pay to play. 
So laptops aren't plugged into anything, and they send e-mails quite fine. 
Oh my god, everyone, your laptops aren't plugged into anything, I hope wireless routers exist and can send packets of information over the airwaves using I-triple E 802.11 technology standards.  Or is that impopsicle?    
Impopsicle. It's frozen. How stupid you are. 
You're an asshole! You're mean to me!  Check your e-mail!  
If you have to ask . . . then you don't know.  
It's just this e-mail, congratulating you for being you. So.  
Now I wish I never sent it.  
Well now I feel like a stupid because the e-mail is in the aether and it just never arrived to you.  
And now maybe because this stupid fight, you're not going to send me an e-mail congratulating me for being such an awesome person. But maybe I'm just overanalyzing it and you might. 
Is it because you're going to feel like a dill-weed because I called you out on it and you wanted that e-mail to surprise me? Because I can tell you that I can act surprised.  In fact, the fact that I'm doubting you will make me actually surprised.  It's kind of ironic, right? Kind of one of life's little beautiful moments.  Don't you love life like that? These little moments that are sort of indescribable except for the two people that are experiencing it at the same -- 
Oh.  I don't even know how to check it on this gay thing though.  
Get in ma belly! 
Fat Bastard. 
So. 
Okay, here's one, here's one. Do you think you could train a parrot, to train a parrot? What? (laughs) 
rawwr! (laughs) 
Aaah! 
(Puts his hands up so he's strangling thin air.) Ugggh. 
Oooooh. 
Off, or sleeping? (Presses the space bar. Nothing happens.) 
Dang it. Took a risk, went for it. 
It's tough to say cause my computer's asleep at the moment. 
Barbecue sauce. 
Nah. 
Because you don't know who my boss is, right? Cause you don't know what my job is. Sounds like you're S.O.L. (laughs) 
Wait don't! Okay. (Doing something with his laptop) I just didn't want to tell you what my job was because it was embarrassing,  but if you really really really really wanna know... 
No, it's not. Uhm... I look for work and a career. Monsters. 
Not if you stop watching right now. 
Just saying. 
Kinda crazy, huh? 
One minute you're here, the next... (Acts out a catastrophic collision with his fingers) you're wormfood. 
Isn't it weird that worms are cannibals? 
They eat humans. 
So you're saying worms don't eat other worms. 
Isn't it? 
Hmh, I think you might be thinking of the conversation I had with my girlfriend last night. 
Hey Pat, you're not getting my girlfriend. (Chuckles) No... What? Jake. Jake! Jake! Jake! Jake! JAKE I have a girlfriend, okay?  
Look who decided to show up, ladies and Germanies! 
What's with the third degree? Can't somebody have a private life? At a laser tag. Read between the lines. 
(Sticking out his arm) Oo twist my leg why don'tcha! 
Her name, is her mane, and that's all that's her-mane cause she's Popeye the sailor dame! Toot toot! Ay yai yai! Ay caramba!  Arriba! This stuff's made in New York City! 
Okay, her name is Leron...a. Lerona. 
Yes. 
Hey there. 
So. 
Mmm, I missed you. 
Forever. 
Forever. 
Sup! 
Owie. 
Those DVDs own hard. 
You cannot pass! 
Anyway, shall we go to lunch, madar? 
Yes. And I wouldn't have it any other way. 
Off we go. Peace in the Ittle East! Peace in the Italy. 
(Singing Everywhere You Look) Whatever happened to predictability? 
The milkman, the paper boy! 
I don't wanna go to work today. 
Which is why I don't wanna go to work. Who works on a Sunday? 
You make me nappy. Haha, no, you make me crappy. (Makes a farting noise) Oh no! Oh I shat myself! There's shit everywhere man!  No, you make me happy. I did kind of fart a little bit there so it might stink a bit. 
Mmm, I don't know...? 
Stop it! 
It's fine. It's just that it's only funny... when I do it! 
Oy. 
Y'ello? 
Uh, not much dude, can I talk to you later? 
I'm kinda with someone. 
Uh, I'm with Lerona. 
Um, just tell it to me, I'll ask her. 
Okay, fine. 
It's for you. 
Hmh. I want you. 
Stop! 
I'm seriously gonna to kill you. 
(Sung to the tune of All You Need Is Love) All you need is love. Bram bram bram bram bram. All you need is love, love. Love is all you love. (Sung to the tune of What I Got) Lovin' is what I love. I said remember love. (Sung to the tune of Forgot About Dre) Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say but nothing comes out when they move their lips just a bunch of jibberish. Mother fuckers act like they forgot about LOVE. (Sung to the tune of Circle of Life) Love savanya vada vicia babou uhhmm zana hey yacha hey ya LOVE- 
(Cover mouth) Whoa. Sorry 'bout that. Was I humming out loud? 
One day, when you're in love you'll know what it's like to be in it. (Confused look) Love.  
Ugh, I didn't want anybody to know. I wanted everybody to know. I'M IN LOVE. 
Cosmically, it feels like we've been intertwined- 
It feels like forever. 
7...4 if you're being technical. 
3, then. 2 if you don't count the day before we met. 
Love. There are no rules. That's why it rules. (Weird voice) Bitch. 
Whoa, what's with all the hostility? 
You're so jealous. Are you gellin'? 
Oh yeah? Well I know I'm constantly thinking about her, okay. And I'm constantly thinking of ways to make her happy 'cause she makes me happy. And the thought of her being with anybody else drives me crazy.  
(Sung to the tune of What Is Love) What is love? Baby don't love me, don't love me  
Don't sing along 'cause you're alone and I'm in love. And you're tainting it.  
(Sung to the tune of What Is Love) Whoa whoa whoa whoa, oooh. Oooh whoa whoa- 
Don't even bob your head to it! 
That's like singing. 
It's the same thing. 
Yeah, well, I lied.  Sue me. 
(from other side of the door) Jake, it's me. 
Your best friend.  Your best friend in the whole wide world. 
I feel like shit. 
I was a jerk to Lerona. 
Yeah, she said you were cute.  I said you were more hot than cute, obviously, but, things got weird from there.  
It's just that she's so smart, she's so funny and she's so pretty and I don't deserve her- woah, are those chicken nugget cookies? 
What are you doing here? 
You came to Jake's apartment?   
To make ME cookies? 
That's awesome. 
You're awesome. 
Ohhhhh!  Let's never fight again. 
Uh....yeah. Hahaha.  
(As Lerona opens the door) Oh, my. 
Hi I'm Amir and you're watching me and my friend Jake on the all new... 
OK. 
Yes we did 
Yes we did (laughs). What are you doing here? 
So, why the DVD and flowers? 
Yeah, and that's a DVD 
I didn't specify which hand was holding whi... 
OK. (to Lerona) Anyway, where was I before I slipped and  
Ow! OK, still bruised. 
What? 
WHAT? Oh, (laughs) me. 
I was too when you said I had a boyfriend but Then I realised, oh wait it's me. Does that clear things up babe? Wanna go back upstairs? 
Shit 
No like, I left my retainer up there. My clothes! 
I'm in a towel for christ sakes. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
You're not going to say, Good job? 
Hm, it's kinda hard to sit down with this knife in my back. Can you actually grab that for me? And don't twist it. 
Okay. 
I meant the imaginary one! 
I'm just nervous, you know? I love her so much and in a couple hours, she could just come in here, look me square in the eyes and go, You are the weakest link. Goodbye. [unexpectedly tapping Jake's stomach] Goodbye. 
Hey, to pass the time, let's read old text messages between her and me. 
Last night was incredible. You made me feel like a woman again. I had no idea my breasts were so sensitive. Okay, now let's read one that she sent to me... 
She's calling me! Hello? Oh my God! She's been in an accident! 
I'm kidding, you idiot. 
What? 
Hey, just so you know 
Then we're through, okay? You're dead to me. 
Yeah. Sometimes I say stupid things. It's like, Hi. I'm Amir. Have we met? It's-- [gasps at seeing Lerona] 
Who'd you choose? 
And Amir? You are... 
So, I guess you made your decision. 
Well, let me just show you what you're going to miss 
Hey! What are you doing?! 
I know. But I need to show you what you're going to miss! 
Me too. Wait. No. I'm not sorry; I'm sad. You made me sad. 
Let go of me! 
Why not? 
What was the last thing you said to her? 
I'm sorry. 
You're just gonna let me feel like this is my fault? 
I said, I'm sorry, and you said, Thanks. Like I'm apologizing? Like, I didn't do anything. 
Although, who has two thumbs and should be apologizing for not doing anything? This guy. (Pointing at Jake.) No, I'm just kidding. You tried to push her out of the way when the bus hit her though, right? 
Yeah, really, really fast. From your girlfriend to dead in two minutes flat. It's a world record. Hazzah! 
Yeah. This is my way of coping with things, okay? Trust me, I'm hurting more than you are. 
Wait, you think you're sadder than I am? 
Ha! 
Okay, she was my girlfriend for longer. 
Yes, but we had a deeper connection. 
Yeah, that sounds alot like my story with her. Only, in my version, you were the bus. 
Don't run me over, bus. 
It's crazy, huh? 
One minute, you're here. The next, worm food. 
Isn't it weird that worms are cannibals? 
They eat humans. 
So you're saying worms don't eat other worms? 
Isn't it? 
Duh. 
I'm lonely. 
Um, I believe this ice is for you. 
As you have just been iced! 
Chug it, pledge! 
Do you have any idea what the punishment is for a bitching bro who doesn't wanna chug his ice? 
Okay, me neither. I was hoping you would. The website's kind of hazy on that. 
No no no! It has to be a more severe punishment than that. 
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug— 
Sorry. You wouldn't want—you wouldn't want me to apologize though if you knew what this bro was doing, you'd want me to yell  chug, cause this guy—you wouldn't—you'd know— 
Okay you're frustrating me! You're— 
Gladly! 
What. 
Well, I think there's a rule that says you can't really chug two in a row, because— 
And now, since you don't have an ice, I will ice (grabs an ice) you! 
How do you have that?! 
I was iced twice on the way to work! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Not that I care. 
Yeah well I do, okay, I care too much. 
I wish people would stop saying, I'm a foodie, and start saying what it actually is 
Your Twitter. 
What do you mean whatever? It was your tweet, I didn't get it either. 
So, why'd you tweet it? 
Yeah, great. Get out of here. 
Reading your tweets. Doy. 
Then why'd you tweet them, okay? How many retweets did they get? 
Go to Your Tweets and then go to—Your Tweets, Retweets— 
—go to Retweets and then Your Tweets— 
See? 
How to delete what? Your account? 
Well they're all dumb tweets, so I would just— 
Yeah well all tweets are read. 
Yeah, cause you tweet dumb things. 
Sorry for making you feel so insecure. 
Jesus. How many followers did you have? 
(Leaving) I would not have done that. 
Let go of me! 
Why not? 
Hey. 
You're my best friend, right? 
Yesterday, people were just talking smack about me. Saying that I was obsessed with you and that you didn't care about me and  that's it's pathetic and stupid and that you weren't my best friend. But you are, right? You're my best friend? 
I know. But, at the end of the day, they're wrong, right? You're my best friend? 
Yeah. 
Yeah, well they're wrong about that for sure, but they're also wrong about another thing, about you not being my best fr— 
Everybody. Are you my best friend? 
Mhm. Including me? 
(On the phone) Hey it's me, are we best friends? 
What are you talking about? This is the only one I made in this style. 
This one is just faces, no names. 
I'm not, I'm losing money. 
Technically we're losing money. 
I made a promise on our behalf to Busted Tees that these would sell like pancakes. 
(Shaking his head) Not that well. Are you or are you not my best friend? 
Uh huh. 
Stop thinking about the shirts, okay? Pretend I'm wearing any other shirt about us. 
Oh my gosh. They're right. 
There's nothing I can do but try to reverse what has already happened. To make every day a small step in a big mission to win you  over deed by deed—! 
And the shirts? 
Good. Nobody was making fun of me. I just didn't want to guilt you into saying something you didn't mean. 
human trap. Okay? And I wasn't breaking anything, alright? Their window was open-ish 
if somebody offers you chocolate, do you take it? 
Hey, you're watching JAAake-- (coughs) Sorry. 
Please delete this one. I'm begging you. 
No I'm not. 
(giving Jake some papers) Hey can you help a cousin out with his resume? 
Something like that. 
You caught that. 
Okay, can we please just focus on what matters? 
Money = pussy. No. 
You want a hurtsdangit? 
Hurts! 
Dang it! 
Mhm. Did I get it right, though? 
That's a yes. 
Mhm. A basketball. 
Yeah, did I specify how tall the hoop was? 
Okay so delete it. It's not rocket sockets. 
Just get out of my life! 
Hnh? Yeah! No. 
Mhm. But, did I specify what kind of words? 
Yeah, well, I didn't wanna lie. 
Right, well you gotta sweeten the deal a little bit. Right? You gotta tickle the generals. (The sound of Amir cackling is overdubbed) 
--a little bit. So, just stop focusing on that one line. I feel like you're harping so much on that one specific. The rest of the resume is gibberish, I got a cyst on my neck that doctors don't even know how to drain yet, bec-- 
Mhm. Just pop in, press play, and enjoy-- 
It rhymes. 
(showing Jake his cyst.) Feel this. And you're worried about-- 
If people can even talk about my music? Who cares about music! 
Yes it is, this is his resume. 
Hey, you're watching Jake versus Amir.  
I slapped your back. 
Hey, it's Amir. I know this is a prank call, Leron so don't f**king bother leaving a message because I WON'T BELIEVE YOU. 
Hey Amir, it is I. You. Me. It's you, Amir. Lost again on my way to work. Or should I say YOUR way to work. But that is nay the point of this meeseege. The following is a note to my future self: firstly, don't tell Jake you got lost. Tell him you were at an Oscar after party, he'll think you're connected and cool. If he asks where the party is, spin another golden lie out of NOTHING. Shit, you forgot socks this morning, you idiot. This, coupled with the fact that you already forgot your shoes is gonna make you look like a real DUMBWAD. Okay, if Jake makes fun of you, just try and kick Pat in the face. Oh! Remember to look up the name of that song that's in your head right now. 
Oh, say can you see-- 
AAAAAOOWWW! Oh! And remember that sick freestyle that was in your head this morning! Okay, here it is. 
Oh no, boom, pee pee in your bed, like a water balloon exploded in your head. No problem son, a lot of adults wear diapers to sleep, not a peep, tell no one about your liquidatious... 
And then... you couldn't think of anything to rhyme with liquidatious, okay. Oh! One last thing, grocery list okay. Buy adult diapers. 
Oh, hey. Jake? (Chuckling) 
How do you do? 
Oh my gosh, you'll never guess where I was this morning. 
An Oscar after party! Okay dude, I was with Forest Whitaker, Jake!  
Forest-- 
AAAAHHOHH! 
I'm on like a really busy freeway. 
You're watching Emmy award winning Jake and Amir. 
What the hell is that? 
Mickey my friend! Yes. She has arrived, and she is looking— 
She is looking very mint and extremely cherry. A little scuffing on the plastic, but otherwise extremely nice. Very good work my  friend, you have outdone yourself! (Beckons Jake closer) 
Haha! Absolutely. Yeah you should have the money either today, or at the very latest tomorrow. Yes. Fine work. You know, if  you're a little worried, I can wire the money to you electronically right now. (Beckons Jake closer) 
Yes. Okay. Bye. (Hangs up) 
Yeah I don't know how to do that. 
Bought. I made one bid, eight weeks ago, and this guy is hounding me. 
Yeah I won. I mean, I made a 600 dollar bid, and the thing was, like, 8. eBay's my bitch. For real. 
Pay—? No, we're not paying a goddamn dime. 
You're gonna be singing a different tune when you realize that all of (his phone starts ringing) my eBay information is actually  yours. One second. (Picks up) Mickey! Yes, sorry friend. How is Cheryl? Long time no time. No, I realize we just spoke, it just seems  like forever. (Beckons Jake closer) 
Hah! Absolutely. No no no, the money is being wired electronically, as we speech. I'm gonna throw in a little something extra for  your efforts. Yeah how does 12 dozen fresh New York City bagels sound? Check y—go outside, I want you to walk downstairs, and open your  door and check your doorstep. Okay? Alright you did that? You know why there's nothing there? Cause it's not gonna happen. You're not  gonna get your money. And the bagels? Forget about it! (Hangs up) Anyway, where were we? Yeah yeah, so I had—like, my account was  flagged several times, so I had to use—you know—my various friends information as my own. 
Yeah, is it an 0119723653 area code? 
It's Kuwait. Here give it to me. 
????? ?????, ?? ????? ??. ??, ?? ?? ?? ???? ?????. ??, ?? ?? ??? ???? ?? ????. ????? ?????. ??. ??, ?????? ????? ????? ?? ??? ??? ???? ???? ???? ??? ????? ?? ??! ??? ! (Translation: Mahmoud my friend, what's up? Yes. No, I got? the bill, my friend. Yes, no no you'll get the money. Look in the mail.  Yeah. Oh, you looked in the mail and the money's not there? You know why? Because I didn't send it! Bye. 
Yeah, I'm sorry one second. (Picks up) Mickey my friend! Yes. You got my last two prank phone calls. Nah nah nah, I'm driving to  your house right now with the money, that's why I was just giving you a little goof. I was giving you a little goof. Look outside, do  you hear that car honk? Can you hear my car honking? Listen. Listen, can you hear my car honking? No you can't hear a car honking, you  know why? Cause my car's not there, cause I'm not coming to bring you any money! Alright my friend, the packaging is scuffed! The  packaging is scu—no—you s—no I didn't say it was mint or cherry. Don't put words in my mouth. The—the eBay listing said complete mint  condition, and I'm looking at—I have my associate right now, Jake Hurwitz, looking at the packaging too— 
I'm sorry my friend, it's not gonna happen. Oh I entered into a contract? Oh I entered into a contract. I entered into a  
(To Jake) Because it's Mickey, I wanna talk to him. 
Hey, thank you so much for watching Jake and Amir. 
Okay. 
Whoa. What's wrong? 
(getting up to approach Jake) Oh my god, are you okay? 
(raises hand in gun gesture) FREEZE MOTHERFUCKER! 
What? I was just kidding! It's not a real gun. 
Or did he do it BY KNIFEPOINT? (pretend stabs Jake) 
Relax, man. All right, I'm not actually trying to (puts Jake in headlock) PUT YOU IN A HEADLOCK and say, GIMME YOUR MONEY! Gimme your money! 
(Jake still crying) What is wrong with you, man? I'm not actually trying to (Amir reaches for Jake's pocket) TAKE—TAKE YOUR WALLET! GIMME YOUR WALLET, man! GIMME YOUR WALLET! 
(holding wallet) This is your wallet? 
What did he steal—he stole your phone or something? 
(pointing) I can see them... 
Oh, so he took your juice... 
Oh. 
Oh, you think he took it out and then took a sip of it— 
Yeah, which is probably more of a reason that he didn't stop to sip your cranberry juice, man... 
(raises Jake's shirt) Okay, I can see you're wearing mesh shorts! 
You—Can't you just get a new gym bag? I don't understand... 
Who would steal a gym bag? 
(pause) You got mugged by an eleven-year-old. 
She—she rode—so it was an eleven-year-old girl that— 
(pointing) Okay, right there. That's your gym bag; it's attached to your belt. 
Oh, are you going somewhere? What are you an airline motto maker, and that's your motto, that's your prized motto? How long have you been working on that one? You should be able to sell it. Are you going somewhere? Tee  
Okay. You don't care why I have everything, ever? 
Okay, then I won't tell you. 
I'm running away from home. 
Ooh, and you can't try to stop me. 
Because you can't stop me, and you won't stop me. Because I'm done, I'm fed up. I can't afford it anymore, and I want out, alright? It's smothering me. I want to just leave it all behind.  
Rent, ass, okay? I live in an apartment full of people that hate me and I just can't take it anymore, okay? All of a sudden, people give a crap where I leave all my garbage. 
Okay, do you know what evicted means? Evicted means I live in a building filled with pussies that can't handle my rock  roll attitude and my party jeans. 
Okay, you know what? Forget it, I'm done. I just, I'd rather crash with you for the rest of my life than ever go back there. 
That would actually make sense because I could just live with you rent free then, we could just, we could just chill out and..  
Well not.. obviously I'd pay you in some fashion, just not with money, right now. 
Haha, look at us, we're already having roommate squabbles. Hey let's talk about it tonight, it's taco night Tuesday, which means I bring the Tortillas but you have to bring the meat this time, okay. I'm sick of.. meet me in the middle.  
Oh no, my bat... 
What? You're watching who? You're watching chicka-chicka Jake Hurwitz. 
What are you doing? 
(Reaching for Jake's phone) I own at this game, so lemme play one secondâ?? 
One secondâ??! 
I once beat the first level in one chicken so I obviously knowâ?? 
Yeah, well a chicken is a bird, so. 
Yeah, well you have to capture eggs, and chickens lay eggs. 
A hen is a chicken! 
Yeah, it is a female chicken! 
No way. 
No, because I never agreedâ?? 
Lemme start overâ?? 
â??I agree to the rules. 
I said I agree to the rulesâ?? 
I'm not gonna say anything when we startâ?? 
I'm not saying anything! 
Okay I'm nervous for you! 
My cousin beat 23 levels of this game. I know how to play itâ??! 
It's not bullsâ??okay you just got a text message from your dad, it said me and your mom are worried about you. 
Yeahâ?? 
Yeah you can share with me, you anus of the highest calendar! 
I'm working, for the day. 
Yeah jokes on you coz these aren't headphones alright, there earmuffs, the sound is turned all the way up.  
Yeah and these protect me from that, so. 
Because my fingers are covered with fricking cheese ya idiot. What am i gonna get cheese all up in my. 
Be more quiet, I know 
Act a fool. Right.  
No I'm watching a documentary on food and ink it's called food inc, did you know that a lot of today's.. 
I don't know. 
Ah, me too me too 
What's- what things-what's some things? 
Uh, he's nineteen years old dude. Cut the cord.  
Dude lied to me then.  
Yeah maybe that's it.  
Give me one example of each. 
A poke, it's like 'Hey, I got your attention but I don't have to write on your wall about it, just a way of saying...' 
(clicks) Done. 
A lot of these are just inside jokes between us so, butt it out.  
Are you still pissed about the last time he visited? 
Okay, I apologized for that. 
And I genuinely meant that. Okay, I am sorry. I feel really badly that he doesn't have a sense of humor. Wh- What can I do? I can't go back and give him a sense of humor. It is what it is. I apologized. 
Fine. (leaning into computer) Hey Micah, it's me... 
Your brother's being a real toolbox extraordinary but poke me or I'll fucking kill you.  
(Creepily) Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and it's— 
(Creepily) Sorry about that. 
Breakfast is served! 
Can I interest the gentleman in, like, an English muffin or a crepe? 
No no no no, these (holds something up) are blintzes, these (holds up a crepe) are crepes. Okay? 
No, you're not good, until you've had one of these omelettes, Amir style 
Well Amir style isn't just a little bit of salt, I lied. Okay, it's a lot of salt. And you're gonna enjoy half this thing of  salt. But, if you were out partying last night— 
Okay, I was gonna say if you were out partying— 
Well if you were partying, then you want one of these hangover killers, this huevos rancheros, made Amir style: no salt at all. 
Yes. 
Yeah it's about a day old, okay. I overdid it at brunch yesterday. 
I jokingly said to waitress yesterday at brunch, Hey, one of everything please. She starts giggling, there's a chemistry there,  so I smile at her, but I grab her forearm and I go, Hey, that wasn't a joke. I want one of everything, bitch. She takes me at face  value because, you know, duality of man or whatever. Bitch starts bringing out plate by plate for like an hour and a half! We're going  nuts! The whole restaurant's just up in arms. They start adding tables, because I'm at table for one, right, so there's not enough  room, there's not enough area to support all these plates. After every plate she's like, Are you sure you can afford all this stuff?  Because, you know, you've seen me on Saturday nights, I'm dressed like a vagrant or whatever. But I go, Hey, not only am I sure I'm  gonna pay you for all this stuff, but there's a tip in it for you. I start losing it, I am going nuts, this is crazy right? At 11:30 I  say eff it, I'm liveblogging the thing. It's going crazy, the Twitter sphere is just abuzz with this stuff. We're getting retweets,  comments on my message board, it's absolutely ridonculous. We're going crazy in there! All of a sudden I start feeling like I'm in a  fucking gameshow or something— 
Alright, long story shirt, I'll give you a blintz for 11 bucks instead of 12 if you promise to throw in a little extra for the  huevos rancheros. 
Alright lemme level with you man, because you're obviously not getting it. I can't afford to eat 500 dollars every time I go out.  I can't have that on my conscience, I can't have that on my card. So, this is what I'm gonna say to you: I finish all this food in  three minutes or less, you pay me for it. If I don't? Okay, I'll pay you double of what I paid. 
I'm looking for something!  
SUP! 
Ok, that was like two days ago!  
Why are you yelling at me?  
That's fair.  
I will be joining that turkey club for I shall be getting... a full turkey! 
OK, what are you - 
Ok, does this place do wine? Because I'd be more than down to split a bottle with you 
Like a Sovignon Blanc or like a Reisling?  
Like a Shiraz or a Pinot Greej maybe? A Pinot Grigio?  
Damnit.  
Maybe like a Merlot. Like a really, really dry, like a super dry, just like a sweet fucking wine. Like a fucking Rose 
Nah, my computer doesn't have internet. 
...sure.  
Alright, forget it. I'm not hungry.  
THAT WAS A TEST! You were gonna let me skip lunch?. I'm so underweight as it is.  
I weigh 78 pounds.  
Uhhh I'm so hungry 
I can't think straight, ok? Let's just order after lunch, I'm sorry.  
Ok, I'll have jam, tuna fish and cracked pepper, and then like vinegar on a chocolate croissant. And then just to drink just a keg of what coke is made of. 
Yeah just the syrup and OH! You know how turkey pastrami is turkey with the pastrami seasoning around it? Can I have that but with twinkies?  
Ok.  
Alright, how much do I owe you? In - 
Wow, what do I look like, Ira Glass?   
No way, Joe Z.  
Ok, just put it on my desk, let it cool off, this is taking forever anyway. And DON'T ask me for a slice.  
Yeah, mon.  
Hey, did you get my sext last night? 
I SEXTED you. 
Don't say that to me or don't say that to pee?  
Hm. These guys seem to disagree with that. 
(to office) Great idea, right guys? 
Cool as ice!  
No. 
No no no no. 
No no no. They're booing you, okay. You think you're all that and a bag of chips? Well, I got a news flash fo' ya, buster. (Plays fart sound effect) You ain't nothin' but a fart. 
Well, you're just jealous 'cause they love me. OH! They love me. (Plays fart sound effect) They think I'm a sweet fart. 
Hm, why don't we ask the Village People? 
(while hitting fart sound effects) It's stuck on a mode. 
OH! Amir fixed the problem. The crowd goes a-wild!  
Why go home (singing) when I can stay at the- 
Oooh, spoiler alert! 
Okay. 
Hey, didn't you say you had, like, a cousin or something who worked at a ticket agency-- 
[interrupting, now on the phone] Hey, Laila! Hey, it's your Uncle Amir. Hey, uh, remember those tickets I was telling you about earlier? How I said they might not happen? Well, now they definitely are! [laughing joyfully] Yeah! Get excited! Five tickets for the fifth row on your 5th birthday -- it's perfect! Ha, ha -- you know what perfect means? It means guaranteed! 
No, no, it's definitely, definitely happening, so you can start bragging about it at kindergarten. [laughing] Yeah. Uh... a meet and greet? With Dora and Diego? [to Jake, covering the mouthpiece of the phone] Can we swing that? 
[to Laila] We'll see about that. No, no, no, okay -- you know what we'll see means? It means guaranteed! So put it in the books! It's gonna happen! 
[to Jake] She is going guerilla shit right now, man. She's so happy. I can't thank you enough. 
[to Laila] Put your daddy on. 
[to Laila's father] Hey, dude. Yeah. No, I can-- I can hear her going friggin' guerilla shit in the background right now. Yeah, I was telling Jake she's hyperventilating. No -- yeah, I know. Yeah -- a lot of broken promises in the he past, I know I'm 0 for 4 on this birthday stuff, man, but you got-- come on! Fifth row for a frickin'  Dora Live that's coming through in the clutch plus a meet and greet plus a private tea party with her, after -- just her and Dora and Diego... 
[whispering to Jake] Get your uncle on the phone -- we're in deep, man. 
[to Laila's father] Alright, that's gotta fucking count for something, man-- look, take me off speaker phone. You know, put my little princess back on. Put my little princess back on -- I wanna make some promises to her. 
I wanna make some promises to her... that she can definitely count on. 
Yeah -- no, invite whoever you want, okay? Yeah, invite the whole kindergarten class [laughing] All the Sea Otters can go. That's right. You know what sea otter means? It means guaranteed! 
And I'm Amir. Sorry. Sorry.  
Yes, and I've apologized all nineteen, so.  
And I'm Am--Wow, I am-- You have a right to be mad at me.  
Oh, you got your period, boy?  
Oh, I don't know why, the Webby's were last year, and (reaches off screen for the award) oh, we won! 
What? 
Wait, sorry. Question. What's my move when you say 'this is amir' and I like uh-- 
Right, except for ours, which is pretty much full. So, don't even bother.  
Winning! (winks at the camera) . . . Winking.  
I like it. Which bathroom?  
OK, which stall then?! Which sta-- 
OK, who are you talking to? 
You better not be doing this Webby thing without me! 
All right, then let's play it back and we'll see!   
Let go! Let me use my key! 
Please please please tell me where you bought those jeans. 
Why not? 
Hey lemme play! 
Come on! 
I just served! 
It was long! 
So if I hit it into your body then that's my point.-- 
Why? 
Fine. (He serves the ball, Jake returns it, then Amir slams it into Jake.) 
It hit you! 
You said ow. 
You gave me the ball. 
Hey! Ok. (He retrieves the ball.) 
But you just-- it- you just served it-- 
(Returning Jake's serve) Sally Jessica Raphael... 
Wait what do you mean crossed the- like th-- 
The skunk? 
Jake and Amir. You're watching it. Us. Our video. 
Yes. 
Ugh! Long day (sits at desk) and it's just getting started. 
Well, it's gotta be 5 
Just sendin' out my minions soon to do (said in Amir's classic nasal voice) the dirty work. (In his normal voice) Sendin' out my minions to do the- 
300 kids in 213 neighborhoods. All over the city. Plus! A little upstate New York. I even got one in Allentown, PA workin' for me! Dude's a little shit though. Met him on Facebook. 
Facebook. But they all weren't little shits about it. 
Jake. These kids are bringin' home 2 pillow cases full of candy, min. I skim 10% off the top and pay them double face for each piece. (Laugh) 
Oh, out of the nose man. I'm like Willy Wonka, baby. Chomp Chomp, bitch. 
Dude it's ridiculous. I ended up owing a kid over $800 last year for a frickin' York Peppermint Patty.  I don't know. 
That one got away from me. I'll admit it. It was a slippery slope there, so. 
All right. Stop right there! Okay, because I'm not doing this for the candy, all right. 
Thousands of dollars. 
Can you just shut up one second?! I'm on Facebook Chat with this little twerp from Allentown. Now he's telling me that I have to pay for my own train ticket out there. Okay, so, how do I get back? Do I ask his dad for a ride? Clearly not because his dad's already pissed at me for talking to the 13-year-old while he's at school. 
Okay, all right, all right. How long have you been sitting on that question, Hurwitz? What else? 
Laundry Day. Okay? 
No! What? No! Laundry Day is when I steal shit from Laundromats. You think I bought this dress? No! I'm like Willy Freakin' Wonka. 
Chomp. Chomp. 
You gotta promise not to tell on me, man. 
(pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (Jake is still ignoring him, Amir throws the pen he's been holding at Jake) 
Can I have your father's e-mail address? 
I ASKED YOU VER-- . . .I asked you very politely, OK? It's nothing bad. So just give me his e-mail address. 
All right, me and you have been arguing way too much recently and I think we just need to spend some time apart.  
You know, just get away for a while. Just go our separate ways. 
Perfect. Submitted. (chuckles) You're about to be so happy.  
I just booked us-- 
An eight night, ten day Mexican staycation! 
From work. 
Yeah, from the office. 
(sings) Pack your bags, we leave tonight. 
I'm not taking 'no' for an answer. 
STAYCATION! 
Do you not get why we need this? Do you not see why we need this?! 
Yeah, because it does 'fit' into your schedule! 
You know, why go on vacation? You just took me on a guilt trip. Hey, that's pretty neat. Best part of all, I didn't have to drop 40K on that. (laughs) And we don't have to suffer through any all you can eat banana leaf buffets or go through any scuba diving lessons which is perfect because I'm deathly afraid of water anyways!!  
(clapping) Bravo. Bravo. Bra--what a victim you are. You must be in the worst shape of ever.  I feel so bad for Jake. 
You know what? Guess what? That e-mail I was going to send your dad? Yeah, it was bad. It was a Trojan horse.  You know what that is? It's a computer virus that would have taken down his whole network. Now do you want to go on a staycation with me? Or am I too crazy?!   
Hey Evan, you're watching Jake and Amir! 
Hey, did you get my e-mail about me wanting to pitch you movie ideas?   
All right, first up. It's a movie, but it's also a sweater. What?! You can wear it, you can watch it, you can do whatever. Looks fabulous, be good. It's sweater: the movie.  
So you know how every good movie is just a combination of two other movies?  
OK, so you're definitely not going to like Fever Hitch.  
This one is based on a script.  
Not documentaries! (flips paper in notepad) OK, so it's a documentary about scripts, right?  
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Fast, and Too Furious. No. 
Stewart Thinkpen was an average guy-- 
Argh, sorry, just took me forever to perfect that voice. (hits Jake) 
Harold and Maud and Kumar. OK.  
Oh! If you liked the sweater movie-- 
--Well, let me get through the freaking pitch without you tainting it with your negativity! Sweater 2 
It's like, a lot of it is just dead skin.    
American Beauty and the Beast. (chuckles) Just give me something man.   
She was a girl who had all the answers. He was the boy who had just one big question. And then--argh, I've got nothing. If you've got something, that'll help me out a lot.  
All right. Maybe piling it. (draws a circle on the pad) 
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Antz, with a 'Z'.  
OK, maybe. (circles on pad) 
The Talented Mr. Ripley's Believe It Or Not.  
Not yet. These are pit-- Oh, I see. Rip--Yeah. Maybe.  
Uh, all right. I think that went well.  
Well, now I know what you don't want to hear, so that I can sort of re-imagine everything-- 
Ouch. (chuckles) That is a tough pill to swallow. Heh, you got to understand that I was really jazzed about these ideas last night. I was like air-boxing with no one, writing them down, getting super jazzed. So for me to hear that, that's tough man. That's tough for me to hear.  
(sigh) I guarantee that if you knew what you were saying to me, if you knew how much that would affect me, that you wouldn't have said half the stuff you just said.  
Yeah, I think I'm going to peace out too. I might take a personal day because I feel like there's a-- 
STAYCATION! And--(falls back into couch) You're right. Why'd you say that stuff, man?  
You smug little prick. 
Sorry. 
(talking to nobody) Ha ha ha! Bye, dude! I'll see you! (to Jake) Hey, what's up? 
No! I was talking to my friend Raymond and then he had to leave the second that you got here. 
Anyway, what have you done today? 
Same. 
Same same. 
Same same same, triple same, knasty knasty. I'm actually pumped to work with you today.  
Just being at work is a thrill. Why do you have to question on what? 
Oh! Cowards! Everyone here is a coward for that. Bastard got my desk too.  
Stop, okay! Stop, it's not worth it! We are gonna get through this! 
We are gonna get through this! 
(singing) Gonna get, gonna get, my mind off you! 
It's not that bad!? It's wet! 
(talking fast) No, I couldn't have done this, because earlier this morning I went pet shopping with my friend Raymond from earlier, and then we both got a hamster and went to my apartment and then we got to work at the same time. My hamster's name is... (looks at the desk) Toilet Paper, and toilet paper... 
Alright, let's just blow today. Can't we just take a personal day and go for a picnic or something? I'm sure the bandit left us some sandwiches and a frisbee.  
Check under your desk maybe it's there. 
What!? No! How..? Who... who did... THIS (pointing at the desk)... it's what I'm pissed about. 
Yeah. Well, you know what? The bandit must have left the food and the frisbee at my apartment earlier today because he was distracted, busy with the scheming of things, so why don't we swing by my apartment and then the bandit might have to take a dump real quick. 
(sighs) Alright, just cut me some slack man, at least I'm trying. 
I'm lying because you don't trust me ever.  
Why tell the truth to someone who always thinks you're lying? 
Alright, you want the truth? The truth is I just wanted to hang out with you, okay? I'm sorry, I wanted to go on a picnic with you. But then... this bandit! (grabs toilet paper) With this joke, this prank just ruined everything! Let's just... let's get out of here, man. Let's just forget it. Let's set it and forget it. I think best course of action: GTFO. 
(on the other end, appears to be in a prison) Good good, man. How are you? 
I'm fine. I'm better than fine, actually. I'm great. Hey, uh, could you do me a flavor? (laughs) No, I said flavor instead of favor but could you go into my drawer and pull out one of the pieces of paper that's there?  
OK, could you go like five minutes without editorializing?  
I'm serious, I was talking to Sarah and like we both agree that you never say anything plainly. You always have to like, have the last word and it just, it gets really tiring.  
W-w-wait! Could you find one that says 'oh, good driving sir. We owe you eleven hundred dollars'? And please do it without adding your two cents for once.  
No, that's not it. Keep looking. Keep looking for the one where it says they owe me the cash.  
You sure about that? Like is that a fact or is this another case of the Jake's, where you just keep on talking to hear the sound of your own voice because honestly, if it's the latter-- 
Bitches and cream, that blows.  
Fu-udge-sicles. Anyways, how was your weekend?  
Good good, yeah, mine was bad. Really bad, actually. I got arrested for doing 90 in a zero.  
Well there's no like sign or anything but it was a freakin' kindergarden so yeah, I think you're supposed to go zero!  
OK, please don't do this now, OK? I'm being held without bail, so it would be really nice just to hear someone say that it is not my fault.  
There you go again with the talkie-talkie! You sound like the freakin' cop that I punched. Hey, what was the name of that song...? 
Yes. That's the one. Tight.  
Hey, starting when?  
So say that!  
Hey!  
Jake! Jake!  
Where are you?  
Okay, you just left your desk two minutes ago and you didn't say anything.  
sighs What does that mean?  
Okay, should I chill out here, or you want me to wait for you?  
Hey! Let me in, okay? Somebody's coming.  
Hey! Get outta here! Nobody's takin' a poop here! Mind your own bees!  
He already left.  
How much longer do you have in there?  
Fine, fine. I'll stay, but I won't say anything.  
Hey, I read on Yahoo News that laptops are cooking people's-  
Alright, fine, okay? Keep it mum, alright? Mum's the word.  
Mum! Huh! What is it good for? Absolutely nothing!  
Me? You said no talking! That was a kick!  
Oh my god! Singing isn't talking.  
Why do I- Why do I bother? Why do I bother if you're just not gonna like it?  
Hey, you're watching me! 
Well... mostly me, though, if you think about it. 
Can I have the rest of that bar -- that Kit Kat bar? 
[singing the jingle] Break me off a piece of that tick tack tart. 
Just give me a break, man. [singing jingle again] Give me a break, man. Give me a break-- 
Which means you've had three! So give me one! Give me one of your four bars. Just give me one of the four! 
[taking bar] No thank you. You know what? On second thought, I don't really want it. I'm watching my weight -- watching it go up. [laughs] No, I'm going to toss it, though. [throws bar in trash can] 
I had a second thought. 
You already gave it up, okay? It was mine to throw away. I had a second thought; I didn't want it anymore; so I threw it away. What's it to ya? 
You gave it to me. 
I asked you for it and you gave it to me, so it was mine. I could have done whatever I want with it, alright? It's gone now. Forget it. Let it go. It's a sunk cost. Live life without the bar. 
[angrily yet quietly replying] Fine! Just, ughh... [talking to himself] So, if I eat it and two days later I take a crap and it goes in the toilet, he doesn't complain about that. But if I put it in the garbage now, then it's a bigger deal. I don't understand what the difference is. It's not his. It's gone. But he just latches on. He latches on and I can't let it get to me. I just have to let it go-- IT'S A FRICKIN' KIT KAT BAR, MAN! It's 99 cents! What do you want?! A quarter? You want a quarter for it, you're going to be that petty? Just forget it, man! Just pretend that I dropped it on the ground and I didn't want to eat it -- does that make you sleep at night? 
Well, I'm not going to let you sit here and sulk about it, okay? Say something! You're obviously pissed! 
Yeah? Well, sometimes wishes don't come true. I'm sorry. 
I mean, when I was six I had a wish, too. I had a wish that everybody I knew would be dead. How's that for a wish? 
Bet you wish that one didn't come true. 
You know, if you're gonna be a bitch about it, then here 
Okay, you know what? Here! [throwing more unwrapped Kit Kats at Jake] Take the whole lot! Jakey gets all the Kit Kats. Enjoy them, ya bitch! 
Because I buy two or three a day and I save one, okay? But I bet you knew that already, didn't you, bitch? 
Alright, you know what? Here's an idea 
Yeah! Watching it go up! 
[with mouth crammed full of multiple Kit Kat bars] Are we doing this contest, or not?! 
Sorry are you gonna finish that sandwich? 
Well just give it to me! 
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Speak! 
Yes. 
Yes I remember, I don't-- you don't have to give me a history lesson.  
What? Which cousin? 
Evan? Johnny? Scott? 
Mad- Okay, [a] girl? So she's not your cousin! 
No I can't! Okay, both my parents are only children; you knew that. 
He's adopted! 
...what. 
You look like a jerk! 
Ugh, this is not what I envisioned when they asked me for permission and I said yes. 
Yeah, they emailed me and asked if they could use my creepy videos to make a funny song out of it. Well, I'm not laughing! 
(through laughter approval, okay? Three weeks ago they send me a rough and it just sat in my inbox. Yesterday, on a whim, I reply "I have no notes". I don't know what got into me; it just happened. Ninety minutes later they send me a final cut; I guess they made some last minute audio tweaks. I respond, sight unseen, "This is f***ing gold, I'm proud to know you guys. Love, Amir", and then, this thing! 
Lemme just-- lemme see if I can ask them to take it down or something.  
I think that video's gotta go down or something. 
Yeah that's true. I dunno, I feel bad. 
That's true. I dunno, it is catchy. 
Shut up okay! Maybe-- Let's just keep it up at this point. 
Yeah it's a no-go on the vid going down, man, I'm sorry, I talked to them but they won't budge. They're being douchebags about it! 
(over Evan) --BAH, so. 
They didn't do that. No-- 
DON'T DELETE IT! Put it back up then! (Pulls phone out of pocket) I can actually, I'm an admin, right? (pronounces it "adMIN") 
I'm the one who wants to be - 
I lied. 
AH! 
AH! 
Mmhmm. 
Hrrrr. 
Hrrrr. 
AH! 
ALL RICE. 
HENRY! 
Grrrr. Shit on ye! 
You think you're so cool for watching Jake and Amir? Well you ain't! 
No please! 
Oooh, you're watchin' you're so cool 
You try too hard 
It was like a clean break, so it couldn'tve actually punctured-- 
Yeah how much for a cookie? (puts cookie in mouth) 
(with cookie in mouth) A dollar, are you kiddin-haha-you'd have to pay me to eat another, here! (bites cookie) Give me money! 
Wawait if you're gonna give him twenty dollars at least let me load up ok, don't just do it for free- let's see, a twenty dollars, at like, a dollar a cookie, and we gave you twenty, so that, turns out to be like one plus so that's close to like-- (puts his hand in the cake and begins to make jestures with it while talking) 
Wha- We already paid for it, ok? We gave you twenty bucks and for twenty bucks I could go like this if I wanted to. (squeezes a fistful of cake) 
You want competition? 
You want competition? 
Then I'll give you a competition 
I'm gonna have a bake sale giveaway. 
Free cookies, free brownies, cakes will be four dollars because it'll be really worth it because it's a sick recipe but free pies! For everything else, there's mastercard. 
(laughing) The better cahaha-- I'm gonna have such cause you won't even believe it! 
Awareness.  OOOHHHH (flipping a plate of food) Amir drops the bomb! 
What, I'm sure Pat's just making this whole thing up so he can make some money on the side, right Pat? 
You know I didn't believe him at first but he had three very legit answers to all your questions. (takes bite of cookie, makes face and lets it fall to floor)  It still really hurts to eat, 'cause like-- 
Haayyyyyy 
Well, let's take our time FOR ONCE, because-- 
That's good, that's very good; can I tell that at my French lesson tonight? 
(leans in) ...Yes I do. 
Cuz you guys laughed at it. 
B-b-because it was funny! 
Well then explain it to me! 
Haha, who's Julian Assange? 
Yeah you can, you just learn who people are, you learn-- 
You don't know who he is, do you? 
HAHAHAHA-- 
(to Pat) That wasn't weird! That was funny! YOUR joke was weird! 
What's Wikileaks? 
I touched it! 
I slapped it!-- 
HA now you're all like what's up! 
You're a joke, man. 
Oh, you're getting them? 
Stop what? We're having a good time! 
Okay... didn't know that. 
That's not true, a lot of my emails are about other., stuff. 
(pauses and holds his arms up like Jake doesn't get it) It doesn't mean anyth- it's a joke! It's a joke! 
Ok I followed up on that. 
Auto-corrected. 
Yeah, I started that in seventh grade. Gave up on it, right quick. (laughs) 
You know I've been thinking about dusting it off, you know taking it out for a spin again, maybe turning it into like a webzine, or like a fanzine of sorts-- 
(mocking Jake). For what?. Can I ask you a question, why do you never believe in me? 
Why? 
It's art! 
Alright want me to teach you? The trick is to do Shift-2 when you want to draw a pussy. Now, let's talk about that fanzine for a sec. I'm gonna lobby you some ideas and you say Yes! if they're good, Totally!, if they're bad, and I love it! if you love it. 
Yea. 
Yea I don't like negativity. 
(Agitated) Ok you gotta believe me, man. I got a photo of her eating a cockmeat sandwich, I was just too afraid to send it out. I'll put it on the fanzine! 
(trying to do the "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" theme) In west Philadelphia two best friends hanging out and have fun- 
Haha, pretty fun right? (sternly) Introduce me! 
Oooo, somebody's gonna get their period soon! 
It's nothing you should be ashamed of. That's all I'm gonna say. 
She should be, a little, but... 
I- I'd be ashamed. 
That's early, that's way early! 
Who told you it wasn't? 
She's a lying bitch! Jake? 
Do you not want me to be real? Okay, I'm a lot of things, but you can't say that I'm not honest. 
I can apologize for being mean, but I'm not gonna mean it. 
You're- Okay, Jake? Whose side are you gonna take, man? 
You know, it was unfair of me to ask you this early in the game; take the weekend to think about it. 
(to Jake) Choose me, please. Please choose me. I have- she's cutting me deep and I need to hear that I have a friend right now. 
Shuh-! She did it first, that stupid bitch!  
Ooo, what's the matter? Santa Claus not workin' this year? Oh yeah, I forgot 
What? I was bluffing. Jake. Jake! 
(to Madeleine) Shouldn't-- Shouldn't say that, you're not gonna get any toys. 
Ho ho ho Merry.. gs.. mas.. It's Jake an- I don't get this  
Ah, give it here 
Yeah, I was just there. Actually, quick smile for me, I want to take a picture of you.  
Give me your twitter handle i'll @ you. 
I went to a toy drive and i got toys! What.. what don't you get? Sick children do it all the time. Ok. Best part of all is that I'm not sick so I do it guilt free. 
..Yes (shows book) I think.. is this yours? 
Yeah! It felt good, going down there, it made me fell better about myself. 
No, Because I made a difference (sarcasm) YES because I got toys. 
I stole their smile. Listen dude, I can't give toy's to everybody OK! If i could I'd consider it, but I'm not Santa Claus 
Yeah! I'd consider it, cos I'm considerate, now consider this.. you're dismissed.. ya prissy boss 
(playing with two toys) Pff pff don't send me back to the orphanage Agrrrh Suck my diss pff off 
NO! This are my toys! Steal your own! MINE! 
Hey you're watching Jake and Amir, unless it's open like behind the browser then it's like you're just listening-- 
Okay. 
Accept my poke, that's it. Then poke me back. Game Over... 
You scared me man! Dinner is a-swerved. 
Sorry, served not swerved. 
Obviously dinner's not gonna be swerved-- 
Oh! 
I know, I just sort of put them in between my knuckles and punched through the window, shattering it. Then entering through the shattered window hole. 
So, anyway, take a seat. Dinner will be out momentarily. 
Didn't have to. Ordered Thai instead. 
You're gonna laugh when you hear this. I tried to make a 100-layer vegan lasagna. What? Who does that? 
You're gonna laugh when I tell you this. 
I got angry, okay, I lost it for half a second, but! it'll all be worth it when that hundo-layer veg las comes out of the oven. 
You're right. Damn it, you're right! I suck! 
I do, I messed everything up. And now the Thai food's here. And I don't even have money to pay for it. 
Because I didn't think to because I'm such an idiot! Because I'm such a loser! 
That's even worse, okay! I don't even want to owe you anything! 
I appreciate that, but, y'know, I don't want to owe you anything, ever! Like I don't even want to pay you off eventually, at this point I'd rather open the door, take the Thai food, spin him around, kick him in the small of the back and lock him out! 
got this blond bimbo wrapped around-- 
Got the Thai, good. 
I've been thinking about it and I want to go Dutch on the Thai.  
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir... even though the old videos used to be funnier. Why don't you just watch the old videos? 
[dressed in full mime costume] Hey, can I ask you a question? 
[yelling] Can I ask you a question?! 
It was about if mimes can talk. But you already answered it so, wow -- that was hard. 
[pantomiming zipping his mouth closed and throwing the key into a body of water, with the key sinking to the bottom] 
[pantomiming being trapped behind a wall -- then unexpectedly screaming] 
I'm starting to really regret dressing up as a mime. 
[pantomiming crying] 
[pantomiming climbing up a ladder with ease] Not saying anything... 
[pantomiming being trapped behind a wall again] Zero. Audio. Output. 
[pantomiming struggling to climb up a ladder] Completely... silent... not... a peep... from me-- 
Well, that's because you're not giving me any feedback! 
[pantomiming being trapped behind a wall again]  
You're not just saying that? 
You really mean that? 
It's called spray paint. 
Like Binaca, okay? You form a wall with your tongue and go [pantomiming spraying at his open mouth) khh, khh, khh, and hope for the best. 
Hey, does everything taste like lead to you, or is that just a mime thing? 
Hey you're watching chick and Amir. See it sounds exactly the same. 
Hey! 
Ow! What the heck man? What if that was real? 
Okay, you try finding every letter. 
I was limited. All right. I had one "Guns and Ammo" mag and that's it. 
There's no E in team either, bro. 
It came free with my gun, [He pulls out his gun and pulls the slide back] and my ammo! Ha ha! No, but just the gun though. 
No! I paid 23 hundred dollars for a fake Kimber stainless Raptor 2. [Pulls the slide back again] Ha ha. It's very real. [Points the gun at Jake] 
[Still pointing the gun] Yeah, I would be nervous too. All right. A .45 caliber, 5 inch, match grade steel barrel hand fitted by Kimber himself, pointed straight at my gut hole! 
Well this'll make one brotha! Say goodnight! Pfffff! [Pretending to shoot the Jake] 
You easy okay! There's no bullets in this thing idiot! 
Do you trust me? 
Do you trust me? 
[Pulling the slide and pointing the gun at his head] Then I'm gonna pull the trigger. 
Well if you trusted me, you wouldn't say put it down. 
DO YOU? 
Why are you nervous if you trust me? 
Then you don't trust me and I'm gonna pull it! In 3...2... 
Then if you do trust me, pull it yourself. [Amir leans over the desks and now Jake is holding the gun to Amir's forehead] 
Trust me! Pull it! 
You can! 
Ay look! Look at me! I'm telling you, there's no bullets. Pull the trigger! 
You pussy! 
Then I'll do it! 
Aye! I'm Rick James! (laughs) No? 
Okay this (holding up picture of Jake) is a great Facebook profile pic man.  It's a great shot of you.  Right? 
Look at them at least, man.  Okay what about this one? 
(Holding up new picture) This is an awesome shot dude, it says sunglasses, very cool California boy with a chill attitude and a red shirt.  Hey! 
Welp, thank me later, because this is the one I was e-mailing you about. (Holding up another new photo) 
This is autumn Jake, left you a little bit of wiggle room on the left and right in case you wanted to Photoshop me in there.  The problem is, this is an autumn picture.  When December rolls around, you're gonna need a winter photo, okay?  Hey John, can we see that December photo?  Here we are... this is November! Heh, John, just the December photo please.  (Laughing) He's good he's just a little bit slow...JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! (furious, but John hands him a photo)  Thank you.  Um... this is January! (laughing again) We'll power through, thank you.  Can we get two waters and (looking at Jake) do you want anything? 
Four waters please.  (Yet another new photo of Jake) This is winter.  Keep in mind this wasn't the one I was talking about. But this gives you a great idea of what I was meaning.  Beanie, sweater, gui-tar! 
Absolutely. (In Jake's face) A good salesman knows when enough is enough. 
Mhm.  I'm gonna leave these photos with you. 
Yes, of course.  Obviously you don't wanna carry around a whole portfolio filled with pictures.  Let me leave you the best one- 
Mhm.  Customer is always right.  And in this case, (In Jake's face again) you're the customer! 
You're right.  You're absolutely right.  I smell like doo-doo. 
(sarcastically) Wow, 150,000?? Wow. That must be the most ever! Oh wait, no, Vin Diesel has nineteen point nine million! 
Do you have any idea how far we are from that? Weâ€™re-- 
--billions away and thatâ€™s-  
-Weâ€™re never going to get there and I-- 
Thanks for what? Thanks for Vin Diesel for stealing our fans.  
I wouldnâ€™t put it past him. That shifty bald-- 
Let me stop you right there 
You haven't said anything yet, until ya, [high pitch voice] put it in the box 
Put it in the box 
[with miserable face] Put it in the box 
Put it in the box 
Ohh my God, thank you so much, I needed two bags!! (laughs) 
Thank you!.. 
WHOA. 
AAAAhh-aaah! 
(chanting) iPad! iPad! (Jake starts dancing along with the chant as he walks over to them) iPad! iPad! iPad! iPahad (turns into Amir laughing) Yes! 
(taking the box) Thank you so much! 
Whoah indeed! This is like... the best birthday gift ever- no offense the the bags, I really needed them-- 
(starting another chant) Best gift ever, (Jake, Sarah, and Rosie all join in) best gift ever, best gift ever... (Amir laughs) 
(bowing twice) a- HENRY! uh- HENRY! So, thank-- Wow, 3G? Isn't there like a monthly cost associated with that or-- 
Wow, I (Sarah puts her arm no Amir's back, and he jerks his back, making her retract her arm) don't know what to say, thank you, I guess-- 
Gladly. (laughs; goes for the high five, but misses and ends up smacking Jake's shoulder) Whoa, sorry about THAT-- (Jake grabs the box from Amir's hand.) 
What? 
(reaching for the box) Just gimme the iPad back! 
No! 
Why-- 
(Somehow holding the backs again) Why? 
Ok, this new intro sucks. 
Because it's different. 
Woah... Woah.. Woah... What's that? 
What? Why don't you do that from home, for the rest of the day, huh? Come on buddy, get out of here. 
Yea well there's a first time for everything... man. This the first time I've ever done this. 
But that's it, alright? Go home, bitch! Alright Mista White? 
You should have thought about that before I caught you looking at viral videos. 
I'm supposed ta post a post, what are you a broken poster now? 
Are you high, man? 
Uh-oh 
Spaghetti  
Yea, well honestly I'd love to, but he was just looking at legit youtube videos. 
Yea, well he was looking at porn, too. It's so gross to say it but he was.... he was looking at pornography music videos.... Pornographic music videos and he was masturbating. He was jerking it at his desk. 
Right there, he was doing it. 
Yea, well I doubted it too, which is why I sent him home for the day, but its up to you if you want to bring him back tomorrow. But as of right now, the way he's acting, my vote is for fuck no. 
Anybody, buddy. 
Barely on thin ice. 
Kevin 
I'm done here, alright? All I'm saying is... keep your intern on a shorter leash. 
Cool... Ok Jake, here we go. Jake! Can you help us settle a debate please? 
Is it okay to masturbate in the middle of the office? Is that cool? Is that a cool thing to do? 
Jake you're watching Amir- ah, frig. 
Terribly bad maybe. 
Ugh, I don't know how you can eat that garbage. 
Yeah, do you have any idea how they made that lettuce? 
In a friggin test tube? In a lab? On the back of human mice? 
You doubt, that they can grow human ears, on the back of mice? <i>Ehuheh, heh!</i> 
Do you know what a humster is? 
A hybrid cell line made out of hamster oocytes fertilized with male sperm. Ok, that food you're eating might as well be a cockmeat sandwich. 
Better--I'm a vegan. 
Meaning, I don't eat meat, I don't eat wheat, and I don't eat treats, now take a seat. 
Sitting on a bed of lies, maybe. Deep-throating a cockmeat sandwich, praying to the only god you have that mommy doesn't find out, well guess what?-- 
Here's a riddle for ya. You know right now you can walk into a Japanese grocery store in downtown Tokyo and buy a cube of watermelon. And I'm not talking about like a cubic watermelon, I'm talking about a legit cube of watermelon. Do you have any idea how unnatural that is? 
No, did you know that right now there's a group of scientists at Monsanto on a lunch break, at a Chipotle for all I care, and when they get back, they're gonna be working on a tomato that's genetically altered to be the size of an apple. 
NOT cherry tomatoes! And not pizza. 
Did you know that tomato paste isn't a glue substitute? Like, you can't use it to glue stuff. 
Ok, well right now my dad is getting a birthday card that's drenched, unreadable and disgusting. 
Turns out I didn't! Thank you very much, meat eater! Ohhhh! 
No no no not in a while. 
(taking a nugget out of his mouth) Ok, one. And that was a goof, alright. Plus, you never answered my humster question--you know what it is, or not? 
OO what? OO what? 
OO you're wrong! 
OO you're wrong! 
(Pirate voice) Yarrr you be watchin' us so walk the flank! 
(Pirate voice) Don't embarrass me. 
Is everything cool? 
Jesus...Why the vest?  (Points at Jake's vest) 
My god...Why the vest though? 
Yeah, it's stupid.  It's very stupid. 
How long have you had the vest for?  Ha.  Should put the vest to sleep, keep the cat alive. 
Forever?  There's still tags in it.   
Do you keep the tags in it forever?   
Is that like a...thing? 
I can't not notice the vest, okay?  It's weird that you're wearing a vest. 
What do you mean "nothing else to wear"?  You're already wearing something else; you're wearing the vest over that.  So it's like you're wearing a shirt jeans, that's a thing. 
On you?  Like is that a joke on yourself— 
So why're you-why is that top button unbuttoned?  (Points at button)  That's clearly a choice, right? 
I didn't say it was cool. 
I definitely didn't call it stylish. 
Is that a...is that a watch?  (Gestures towards Jake's wrist) 
Why...all the effort?  Why're you wearing a leather band? 
I'm saying, like, goin' to the mall, that's like a lot of effort.   
Is the cat gone? 
Dog tags? 
So you're already wearing one? 
So you have two? 
Hey you're watching ... 
I'm taking a break, I'm gonna do the rest of them later 
I'm betting on both teams 
Well, no, I can look it up.  
Okay, sorry.  
You said forget it 
CooCoo Cachoo Jakey are you the egg-man or not?  
Give him the eggs man 
Rick Fox is my bookie, okay,  so just relax  
Yeah, I pay him a small commission or 'Vig' and he helps place these sports bets and we win money, guaranteed! 
Because even if I win or lose, he's still getting the vig 
Ooooooh 
Ooooooooh 
Ooooooh 
I'm down, alright, thirteen G's 
Thirty G's. But either way, Rick Fox is up BIG!  
Get him the eggs 
Lot of stuff, man. We bet on a 2003 Laker game that Rick was sure he lost. Turns out they won.  
That lost me allot of money, that was a very nice vig for Rick. 
Yeah, we also bet on the 2001 winter Olympics.  
That's what we forgot. You would've saved me alot of moola, that was a big one for Rick  
Idiot  
I dunno, he's like...  
Are you obsessed, are you a chicken bro?  
Is that a chicken on your shirt?  
I'm gonna bet chicken right now, we're do I go 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Well make it 39, bitch! 
(holding beeper) Aw, sheesh! Hey, listen. Can I borrow your phone? I just got beeped. 
Upgraded it. Alright, I'm living in beepersville now. (kisses beeper) Oh! That's cherry. 
Alright, ya Steve Jobs f*cker, sorry it's not a frickin' iPad Nano, just give me your phone, I gotta call someone back. 
I gotta call this number back 'cause it says 9-1-1 at the end of it which means emergency, okay, and if I don't get back to it soon then it's gonna beep me again anyway! 
(simultaneously) I just need something. 
(on phone) Yellow? Yes, the doctor speaking. Alright, this is what you need to do, uh, I'm thinking 20 CC's of dialysis administered vaginally. Which is- yeah. No, I- uh- nurse. (chuckling) I'm sorry, I went to medical school. Alright, I get paid the big bucks to make the boo-boos go away. So, (chuckles). Talk back again and we'll make it 40 CC's. Alright, make that 60. Great. Alright, 80 CC's, keep talking. Thank you. Alright, bye, 100 CC's. (hangs up) 
I didn't get it. Ok, I ganked it.  
Why, where did you gank yours? Radio shack? You know I'm surprised that you can even talk to me right now with Steve Jobs' balls in your mouth. 
Bachelor party last weekend. Yeah, my friend from high school, Marty's getting married so you know I came to play. (laughs) First step is a nice, little brunch with his family and I'm already a little buzzed after three Four Lokos and a shot of schnapps, some bozo jokingly dares me to bite into a glass of orange juice. (laughs) Before he even gets to the just kidding I am tooth-deep in the thing. I'm not an idiot, okay, so I think the thing's gonna crack but my eyes widen with fear when the bitch explodes in my mouth. I'm talking razor-sharp glass shards just cutting my mouth up from uvula to incisor, there was blood everywhere. Alright, next thing I know I'm in the back of Donnie's Camaro, he's the best man, and people are just begging me not to fall asleep. I'm laughing maniacally, my face is like a blood-sprinkler, the red liquid's just shooting everywhere, getting on the interior and stuff. To make matters worse I wasn't even invited to the frickin' thing. So I start passing out, you know, Nature's Promise and all. 
I wake up in post-op four hours later and I needed 31 stitches to close me shut, nurse is livid, just crying in the corner because I've been shitting myself nonstop which sounds standard, but it's not. 
They choose this golden moment to give me a hospital bill. Uh-oh, daddy doesn't have health insurance. So I book it, alright. Cut to interior, hospital, day, later, I am barreling skull-first into a doctor, right into his chest, and he gets plowed to the floor. Medical equipment everywhere, alright. The beeper falls onto the ground and I just jump on it like a Nazi taking a grenade for his German cohorts. He looks passed out, but I'm not gonna take that risk, okay, so I shove the beeper three inches into my butt and I just take off in a dead sprint due north, remember that direction 'cause it's gonna come in handy later. I'm three towns over before I even realize nobody's chasing me and at that point I'm thanking God because my groin is torn to shreds. 
For 14 miles. And the bitch still works. (winks) 
Really? Because duplicate means two, and you said the first nine are find treasure. So which one is it? 
Either way, I'm just gonna look up the definition of duplicate and call you out on it. I'm sorry. That is too rich. 
Ignore. 
So we're heading out or what? 
Naw man I'm working that was you. It's 4 
Do you have any idea, that tigers are almost extinct? 
This whole work-life balance thing Jake, you got it way out of control. Okay, you got to make time to start connecting with people man. C'mon! 
Yeah, well, not anymore! 
We really should get out of here. 
ASAP. 
Deal. 
People of Earth, your time of work is over. Please vacate the bulding, at once. 
Do you smell smoke, I smell smoke. 
Okay, just watch out for the flames. I'd miss you too much. 
Yeah, well I already swallowed the key, so good luck! You'll have to literally cut me up and rummage inside of me. Are you man enough? 
Am I? Well you have to pry it out of my cold- 
Very well. 
Does anybody else have a better way of stopping their friends from working too much? Please, tell me about it! 
... Huh? 
Sir, I'm from the space government and you need to stop working at once or the entire solar system will implode. 
Awesome (Laughs) except- (clears throat and deepens voice) except, who is this Amir you speak of? 
Nonononono, it's me, it's me. 
And I’m Amir and… 
Why? 
No! 
No, I just realised that I left my microwave running. Aw, I set it for four hours and I just peaced out… 
I’m sorry, I have to text my neighbour now to have her turn off my microwave and she lives eight hours away so it’s not that simple. 
My neighbour from when I was growing up. She lives two states over, ok? Why do you have to call me out on everything? 
Yeah, to create awesome get-togethers all across the nation, right everybody? 
Clap… whoop… cheer… 
Hot tubs. 
Drink up. 
Pennies, so it’s got the same noise and consistency as ice without any of that coldness stuff that you hate, so enjoy. Why aren’t you drinking it? Is it because of the pennies? 
Because I can assure you, you won’t even taste it. 
lets get closer. Join our get together project at facebook.com/Bacardi 
What's hap--What isn't happening, man? Look at this. This is not good. People are not getting together enough, all right? We all need to reconnect! 
OK, right, just focus. So-- 
You think this is too expensive? What do you think about those twelve bean bags, huh, man? You think those were cheap? 
Eighteen. 
Yeah, it's to encourage discourse, communication, right? Let's say I go to your desk area, right, and I want to borrow a fricking stapler or whatever. 
Anyway, I go to your desk area and suddenly we're having a water cooler moment, right? So check this out. Hey, what's up dude? Whoa, I love your shirt. 
It is amazing.  
It's incredibly soft, but not in a too soft way where it's like effeminate, but it's just super, super nice. 
See? We had a moment. Me, you, your awesome shirt. 
You do?  
Exactly! OK, you're going to love this next idea. Every hour, at like eighty past-- 
Well, hear me out, a soothsayer is going to appear right over there-- 
Yes, so he's just going to come up clouded in smoke and we're all just going to emerge next to him, chanting, being all sort of- our psyches mingling. 
Yeah. At eighty past the hour, of course. 
Are you sure? I mean, I already booked him, he's pretty cool.    
He's going to hate this.  
See? Pretty good, right?  
Wow. I am... honestly so happy I could cry. 
Oh! By the way, you owe me like thirty-six hundred for the soothsayer. (chuckles) 
Jake and Amir's Get Together Project! 
Eughh. Elevators, man, right? (laughs) 
I was just in an elevator, ok, and nobody was looking at anyone. It was really uncomfortable! 
Yeah! You know, so I'm facing the RIGHT way in case of emergency; it's just a safety precaution. 
So I try to break the silence; you know, add a little warmth and comradery to this otherwise awkward elevator ride. You n- wanna know what I said? 
No, that's boring. Ok I wanted to do something that they would REMEMBER me by. So I asked them, straight up, if you had to choose, which one would you rather have: eight legs, or two really long, eight-foot arms. 
Yeah, just like giant noodles for arms. 
Yeah. 
Eight legs like a spider. 
Exactly, right? Difficult question; I don't even know which one-- 
Yeah, well it is very difficult. Which one would you rather have? 
Eight legs. Hm. I knew you'd take their side. 
Muted. Mm-hmm. Lotta noise; lotta noise. 
Yes. Well, now I do. 
What is with elevators, ok why is it so uncomfortable in there? Why is nobody allowed to talk to anybody? (in a stand up comedy cadence) What is it, like a library in there? I'm gonna check out a book, in an elevator? 
(to the camera) HOW can we break the ice.. in elevators, ok? We wanna know! ...So submit your answers right here! (pointing down) 
People! Let's get closer! 
So why'd you choose legs, man? I was like positive you were an arm guy. 
Think about it, ok? I don't wanna just talk to hear the sound of my own voice, I want you to put something back-- 
How dare you accuse me of talking on and on and on, with no seeming reason or rhyme to where I'm going, or how-- 
Interior, Office, Day. The year is 2011. 
Okay 
(in a weird voice) Hey. 
I haven't even told you what it is yet! 
Barely, it's just a subtle change. I'm surprised you even realised it. 
Subtle but much better. 
What are you trying--, this is my--, this is how I talk. This is natural for me, okay? I've been trying to talk like a high-pitched fool for the last four years. 
No! 
I'm begging you not to do this. 
This has gone from being the best day of my life to the second-worst, easily. 
Then people are gonna think I stole it from you! 
No! You're not-- are you really not even gonna clarify that-- 
--not a dog!-- 
Not a dog! 
Yeah, I--. I've never s--. You're being so mean right now. If you're gonna steal it and not clarify that you stole it from me when people accuse you of stealing it, at least admit that you're being mean right now. 
Yeah, I was the first to admit it. 
I--. Yeah, well. 
I wouldâ€¦ keep the voiceâ€¦ 
But I would clarify that if people thought that you stole it-- 
(crying) 
What are you-- 
You're not even doing it right. 
So, I can keep-- 
That's what she said! 
EHH! 
So, the beeper is just sliding down my thigh, and I'm still facing, remember that direction, due north? Guess what? I was lying. It was due south. How's that for a mind fudge? So, I s... 
Ooh, this kitten's got claws. He he. 
Rerh! (kitten screech) He he. Rerh. He he. ...Why not? 
Yea, as in deer suckers. Like little possums. 
Cash money, ain't nothin funny. 
Fo'sho! 
You don't understand, man. I want dis. 
Ok! If you don't want to make the donation just put in like $150 and then click send. And when goes Are you sure you want to make the donation? click on No. If it's that hard, i'll do...i'll click on it. 
That was a Jello pudding snack. 
Yea, the Cos loves his Jello pudding sweaters. 
The Cos has to poop, eventually, sir. And it's just about finding the right f... 
It's all about doing it real crudely and quickly. 
Yea, the trick is to make it look like it's very good, but it's actually not that good. 
Yea, well at least I don't spit when I talk! 
No! And for that I am thankful. Namaste. 
No, I'm recording intros.  
laughing Right in the kisser.  
Hold on one second... What? 
And you believe them?!  
Okay, I set up a spy cam in the women's restroom. Sue me.  
Okay, then I'll countersue. How's that? Two sues for the price of one.  
Or lack thereof. laugh 
Jealous much?  
I'll apologize, but I'm not gonna shower.  
I said I was sorry!  
Okay, this is catching me way off guard.  
I thought that was a goof!  
Alright, you think I give a flaming fart what people say, man?  
Oh, no! Oh, anyhoot!  
Why, 'cause I farted? Wow. It was a toot. An SBD, so NBD, on NBC (to the NBC chime) laughs  
Yeah, ever heard of I'll clean it after work? So shut up.  
Losers wipe, okay? Winners go home and f*** the prom queen.  
Okay, you think I give a flaming fart-  
Cut! 
I cut myself so I'm yelling it! 
Filling out your Oscar pool huh? Well my picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi. 
No. Hey, here's a crazy, sexy, fun idea! Let's rob the organiser of this pool huh? Just gank that envelope filled with the cash by-ins and sprint due-north right to New Jersey- 
In german accent I'm ze organizer. What are you, friggin Arnold Schwarzenegger? *attacks Jake * 
Oh, Pat said you do a good 'the fighter' impression. 
Okay, Pat was wrong.  
Well, it blew. Colin Firth, more like Colin lasht, I think he's the firsht pershon with a shpeech impediment to win the Oshcar. 
My picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi. 
Not the exact same way okay, so I took a risk, I said it again. Big whoop. 
What would you know about risk man? You've been oohing and aahing about Sarah over the past three years but you don't have the huevos rancheros  to ask her out do ya? You don't have the balls! 
It's fine, okay, I said it was fine. 
My picks are so hot, it's Jacuzzi.  
In accent I'm the one fighting here, not you, not you and not you.  
I was doing it with the hand motion if you think it's- 
Hey here's an idea, let's share our answers and then we can split the winnings. 
Then we can get something together like a booze cruise. 
Because it's a frickin' cock meat convention, it's just dudes. Hey can you do me a favour and read this e-mail from my dad and tell me if there's one thing that you can think of that he doesn't call me out on. 
I'm trying to! 
Yeah, usually I only charge it for like 10 minutes a day. 
Well, what I need is like a power grid. You just put the phone on there over night and forget it. 
Will you take me to a sky mall if I pay you? 
Almost! You? 
Give it up! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
I know it kills you to see me doing so well. 
Oh, by the dubs, who won the Oscar pool? 
Hehehe, why uh-oh? 
Hehe...you just, you said you were gonna send out an email with how everyone did, and you never did. So.. 
Hahahahaha. 
I never said you stole or cheated or any- 
Okay.  Not that you cheated, what text though? 
What?? 
Hahaha. Let me see the text. 
I guess so, I mean, is that even true? You won like 200 dollars. 
How- You said everyone could only submit one, right? 
Why? 
I already paid you 20 dollars to enter. 
(through tears) I can't afford the bitch fee. 
No. 
Ok, I'm trying! 
Those are actually pretty tight. 
You know I'll give you $50 to do these without me. 
Nonononono 
I'm an aardvark too bitch eating lots of ants wearing my aardvark shirt (no idea what amir says here) my aardvark pants, skeeting on your face make your nose all numb, there ain't nothin colder than aardvark cum. 
So... 
I know right. 
Ok, oh oh! I'm an astronaut bitch eating aardvark stew and eating aardvark meat with aardvark you and if an aardvark you you'd freeze your ass, aardvark jizz is frigid gas. 
Ok. 
Fuck tigers, I'm an aardvark yo when an aardvark cums it tastes like snow- 
I'm spitting the truth. 
Because it rhymes. 
[Laughs]Rap battle, me vs you then. 
Why not? 
Wallis? 
Wilms? 
Willis. 
Alright forget it you win the rap battle. 
That's a song already. 
That's not how it works, and you weren't even saying the words right. 
Different.. 
Laplessons? Hoodie 
You said lap lessons. 
No doubt!  
I know.  
Yeah, no man. But get this, I was cleaning out my desk earlier and found this IOU that you wrote.  
I.O.U. $1875) 
W-w-wait. Okay? I'm talking' to you!  
What! Do me the courtesy of looking me in my eye!  
1875 bucks, man. Huh? Plus shipping. Okay, a little less if it's in the continental US, which last time I checked, my internet wasn't hooked up, so I couldn't find the answer.  
It's a coincidence, to be sure.  
It's a salute!  
Alright, you're not getting a Mason jar.  
Alright, how 'bout this. You give me the 1875 or I blackmail ya.  
With what, Isn't blackmail alone bad enough? Now you want to know with what? How about I punch ya, man. Or you wanna know with what? 
Mickey my friend, how are you? Ha ha! Yes. Long time, no time. I believe I'm going to have to pass on that glass studio. Yes, I'm going to have to pass on that glass, as they say. Laughs Yeah, my associate actually informs me that you need a coal burning oven which, you didn't quite tell me about, Mickey. You misled me Mickey, and I'm a little offended. Let me tell you something about myself, my friend: I do not cut corners. This is how I do it, yes on the glass studio, throw in an oven. Okay, if I'm going to do this, and I'm going to do this, then I can't start cutting corners on an oven Mickey. laughs The cheque? The cheque- I just handed the cheque off to the postman right now. (Amir gestures toward Jake and whispers) hand it off to a postman, hand it off to a fricki- 
My god, man! That is amaz- I'm writing a new song and that would be a perfect chorus!  
Mickey's lyin' an old man is dyin' and nobody's cryin' but you Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! Mickey! So...  
Mickey! Mickey! Mickey!  
Mickey! Mickey!  
No no no!  
Here we go, ready? Mickey! Mickey!  
(crying) Hey you're watching Jake and Amir 
Because I'm sad! 
March Madness bracket? I don't know why you even bother filling it out because I plan on WINNING!... 
WINNING!... 
Ooh, I'm thinking Gonzaga.. will be gonza-gone.. by the second round... insagone. (laughs; Jake doesn't react.) Nothing, huh? Trying to act cool in front of your friends? 
Me! 
Yeah, I'm on a drug; it's called.. Martin Sheen! 
Oh that's funny I went to Morehead State. As in, I got more head.. than an entire state! (laughs) 
I took an online course, once, at one college, and I'm a hero... (holds his arms with his palms upward and makes a something doesn't add up face) 
For what? 
I'm not. 
Yu-kon..'t believe who I have coming out of this Huskies region! Hehe. You-con't believe-- 
I always force it! 
(starting to cry) But I get there, and it's earned! 
Hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb... and finish the rest of this bracket.. in a tree! (makes a climbing motion with his hands) 
So the doctor says that I can't fart, you see it's just constantly o-- the gas is just always seeping out, it's like.. a constant flow of it. 
You know there's never been a perfect bracket? 
But I think your bracket is perfect always. 
Look at me! 
I'm gonna fill the rest of my bracket out in a tree, alright, how's that for another joke? 
Cincinnati? More like Cincinnasty! (plugs his noze and waves his hand in front of his face as if to clear a bad smell) PU, you guys! (laughs) 
Because nasty.. is- means good, so. 
(plugging his nose and waving his hand again) Yeah.. because- Oh, that's cuz I smell. 
Why would I not submit a bracket this year? 
Whoah...--- 
Who pissed in your toilets? 
(quietly, touching Jake's leg again) Ohkee-- 
Aand.. done. (laughs) I think it's called March Madness because if I'm not winning, it's madness. (laughs) 
(mocking Jake) Nope. Nope. Wow. Yugh, you're suck an idiot! How 'bout trying to laugh with me for once? You're constantly doing stuff like Wow, Oh, you're so stupid. Huh? That's not very constructive! You're just tearing me down! How 'bout laughing with me! That's more fun! Cuz you know what, at the end of the day, I'm saying a lot of stupid stuff, but I'm smiling, I'm having a good time, and you're not; you're miserable. Congratulations, you're taking the easy route. 
I was kidding, ya frickin' loser! (laughs) 
Hey, you're watching Jake and A-sneezes 
To talk! 
Sorry, who are we waiting for? 
Ahh! 
This is your office? 
(imitates hand motion) But, you went like that. 
The elbows? 
In addition to the movement, you said welcome to my office. 
What was that? 
You winked at Jake. 
You look so familiar. 
What is your? Sorry, I was still talking, what is your name? 
I just did. I said, what's your name? 
Scalby-Lawfsoos? 
At what? 
So I smell good? 
Jake! 
(gasps) 
(pause, laughs) 
(farts) 
(gasps) 
You're drock- uh- you're Jakein- watching Jake- 
Ok, I don't, alright. I'm forcing it. 
There's a lot of pee on these leaves. 
Hey! Do you realize how much pee I could've made with that water? 
Under the door. 
Let's have a talent show. 
Don't say that like it was your idea! 
I peed on the frickin' plant. Is that not enough, Romeo? 
What do you mean, how does that help, all the pee is now here, (touches plant) all the stink. 
Exactly! 
Oh, my God, you're just jealous 'cause you don't have a talent. 
What the hell was that? 
Eric Cartman? 
No, respect my authoritah. 
Kenny. 
Stan. 
Kyle. 
Poo! 
No... Every name, you're getting wrong. (bad Batman impression) If you like his Batman, you're gonna love mine. 
He's in my mouth. 
(bad Batman impression) Whoa! 
(getting up) I have an idea. 
No, I do. 
(bad Batman impression, mumbling) Thank you very much, Batman. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Alright, how was that bitch?  
Yeah, I know. I was just down there and I pressed the emergency breaks, you know? Which brings the whole thing to like a standstill. And we were stuck down there for like... a day. laughs 
Yeah, that's not the first time that's happened. laughs 
Yeah, third grade talent show, decided to do standup comedy but my material was a little... raunchy. laughs I was booed off the stage, but my dad was so embarrassed that he moved.  
What?  
Yeah. I have oily skin. It's a greasy t-zone.  
Don't need to. laughs I just use the powder.  
Alright, lemme tell you a story. In sixth grade, I was bullied so hard that my dad almost moved. Instead, my teacher called a parental mediation session. So it was just me and my dad, the tormenter and the tormenter's foster mom. They all ganged up on me so hard, that my dad moved.  
Yes.  
It doesn't relate to oily skin. Okay? I just wear makeup, alright? Maybe you should care about your personal appearance too. You might look a little better.  
Ooh! Easy fix! (powders his butt)  
Says the guy who got his pubes waxed everyday for like a month.  
I'm talking about me. And you know what? I developed such a bad rash after my 30th full brazilian in as many days that you know what my dad did?  
Relax. 
[Talking to three high school age boys and handing them each some cash] Thank you so much. Honestly, I mean I don't know what you do with this money but it's like yours to keep. 
None ya! 
You're not curious to know what that means? None ya. It's a new word. 
None ya business! 
First of all, okay, they're not teenagers. They're all fifteen years old. 
[Turning to the teenagers] You guys lied to me. 
They were in second grade uh, when I was in second grade, so [Amir high fives all three of them in a row]. 
I was held back. Constantly, if you must know. Eight straight years in second grade before I decided to turn it on. Alright, I flip it on like a light switch. I'm powering through third, fourth, fifth grade, sixth grade comes along, I open my stupid little trap, and the hammer comes down! 
Not a peep! Alright, but then they find out that my reading is still at a second grade level and my math just isn't there. 
Yeah, turns out I just left it off. They shipped me back to second grade with my tail between my legs and every teacher in the hallway just booing me. I spent another nine and a half spottin' second grade. I didn't say a peep the entire time! But hey, at this point, they're already hip to that game so they just keep me there. 
Not a peep. 
Mum was the fricken' peep. 
They're tutoring me. 
They're tutoring me in math, English, Physics... 
Ah, eight squared! You guys just taught me this. 
Oh, 64! 
Film. Two words.  
Titanic.  
The Titanic.  
Alright, my turn.  
Yes. Nailed it! 
12, actually.  
(to camera) Who says people can't talk to each other on the way to work? I mean, we got this bus cooking. Cooking on charades.  
Bringing the mood down, man. Not cool.  
Alright, give me one more.  
Nah, forget it.  
I already said forget it! 
Jake and Amir's get together project    
(handing a cup to Jake) Tada!    
I got you a coffee. So a cof and a fee for free.    
It's better than coffee.    
It's milk with syrup in it, some brown sugar, little bit of other stuff, okay. Before, you don't drink it just know that, that's gonna really irk me. Alright?    
See this is it, this exactly it! You did something friendly for someone and nobody couldn't believe it.    
We need to do something about this. Confronted head on.    
We need to get people connecting! Trusting! Okay, get out there generate some real human warmth.     
I have an Idea.    
What better way to generate warm feeling than with the group hug? Okay, it's time to feel the love.    
Yea we won't be strangers, man..    
You know, if someone doesn't wrap arms around me in the next 10 seconds, I'm gonna scream!    
(holds a megaphone)    
Yes, Okay. (using megaphone) Who wants a hug? That's right don't feel shy, come out and hug us! Don't be shy, wrap your arms around both of us. (people started to hug Jake and Amir) Here we go, Okay, yes, cover still. Never end. Feel the warmth, we're doing it! We're really really doing it.    
Haha bad joke. 
(Checking computer) Hey, can you help me upload these videos to Collegehumor?  Something's acting whack. 
W-w-w-wait! 
Okay, so basically the crux of this shot is that my—that's my boy, Bradlyn, in that tree and he's just hurling hard, hard rocks and like apples down at cars that drive by.   
Yeah, this video is—haha right there (points at computer screen)—this video is really polarizing on Youtube.  I loved it, but everyone else really, really hated it. 
Yeah, if you like that video, you're gonna love the next one. 
(Shouting) Well then you're gonna love the next one!  
(Nervously shouting) It's called Inversed Snot Rocket, okay?  
(Yelling) Basically the crux of the short is that— 
(Grabs Jake by his shirt) NO! 
(Yelling) You don't go! 
(Yelling) I'm just excited to tell you  
(Still yelling) the crux of the short, that's it! 
(Still yelling) Okay, it's basically w-at the basic level of it it's just two people putting the spray paint bottle in the not—the the things are going up my nostrils and out of my mouth like and inverse snot rocket.  
(Screaming) YOU DON'T TOUCH ME! (Pushes Jake's hand away) 
(A little quieter, but still yelling) You don't touch me! 
(Yelling) I am chill!  Just don't freakin' grab my shoulder like that. 
(Yelling) Okay, in this next video right? 
(Yelling) In this next one, that's the one that's legit uncomfortable to watch! 
(Yelling) Yeah, well this one, like, my friend, Trayson, right?  He builds this ramp at the edge of a drained lake— 
(Yelling) Okay, we built this homemade catapult, right?  A twenty foot catapult and we put his grandma's chocolate lab in it and I'm holding   it down, but the hound just bites my neck, I shoo the mutt off the thing, but I'm holding the catapult with one hand and it just flies outta my hand clips my chin and it's lights out for me!  The-look at that, right there, (Points to computer) the top of my skull 
(Yelling) just hits the small of my back and I'm just like, "haha haha haha ha". 
(Yelling) I'm excited to show this, okay?  More than just being excited, I'm excited to show this to— 
(Struggling) Me. 
Yeah. Hey, do you have someone you could set me up with, like on a date? 
Just. I'm lonely and horny, so.  
OK, I've been on 5 dates in my life man. All right? The first one ended up insanely well but there's no way in hell she's ever going to go out with me again.  Two of the girls I gave pink eye to.  Fourth one, she ended up super, super pissed, but not at me. Fifth one, I really cannot for the life of me remember, oh right! No, you know what?  You killed her with a bus!  
OK, are you afraid of me not being me on the date? Like me not being real, because I assure you, I will be there, it will be me, full throttle. Love me or hate me, you gotta love me.  
Here's something cute and quirky.  Let's order dessert first. Haha, that's weird, I'm different.  
A lot of girls don't like guys that kiss and tell. Well, let me be frank with you, yet again, sweetheart. I never kiss, and always tell. (chuckles) I keep telling people how much I've never kissed.  
And at the conclusion of the night, we walk home, I rub my hand against the dirty park bench, and just start rubbing your eyes. 
Yeah, well they probably did.  
Sorry. Is this still in character, like we're on the date? 
(getting worked up) What do you mean, no? 
Is this why you invited me to this restaurant? To embarrass me in front of everyone? You slut!   
OK, this isn't a game, baby. This is me! All right, my heart is exposed right now and you can either tear it out, or s- or say yes and make me the happiest man ever.   
(sighs) Thank gosh, promise? (pause) I swear, all I want to do is lay down and hug. 
Yes, very cool, very cool. 
Yes, rock on. 
Well they didn't do anything for me! 
(to the camera) We wanted to give a little love to those who donated more, so if you donated less than five dollars, you guys are rock stars, keep kickin' butt, every dollar counts, but: please press stop now. (smiles and waits a beat.) (to Jake) Alright, those cheap bastards are gone, so-- 
(untangling Jake's hands from his arms) Our boss forced us to do this! 
Against our will! 
When CollegeHumor recently said they wanted to help with Japan relief, I said count me in, what can I do to help?. 
Ok, don't you think Conan's being kind of a douche about this whole Jay Leno thing? I mean, all the guy wants is his show back. 
If every one of you doubles what you've donated already, we can give twice as much,, to charity. 
(to the camera) Well, when it comes to giving you can never give enough, so double what you've given, so we-- 
Well, give more, specifically double as much-- 
Didn't need to. Making the video. 
(Singing Don't Stop Me Now by Queen) Tonight, I'm gonna have myself a real good time, I-- 
This is.. it-- for them, ok? It's a gift! 
Ok I'm sorry but it's sixty-one degrees out right now, and Al Gore is complaining about Global Warming. Something doesn't add up, right? 
I just hope he doesn't win this recount, I mean I'm sorry, aeaheha (stuttering)-- 
We're good. Hey! We already have my song, that's enough. 
From Jake (gestures at himself) and Amir (gestures at Jake), thanks again (blows a kiss at the camera). 
Well we can both be Jake.. (pats Jake hard on the shoulder) for a day! (laughs) 
(quietly) Yeah. (to the camera) Two Jakes say 
Relaaax. 
(laughing) Uhahah he got me too! 
Basically I give Rick money, you know, MY money, and he invests it in basketball games, baseball games,-- 
Dude. I'm getting a share of Dell. 
Yeeah, Rick said that Miss East Germany was due, but uh, guess not. That was a big vig for the fantastic Mr. Fox-- 
eeheheh HENRY! HENRY! HENRY!-- 
Anything! 
(laughing) What? I'm like.. 
(laughing) I dunno.. 
(laughing) You're like- What is wrong with you, man? 
Were you frickin' laid, man? Were you frickin like hatched, bro? 
(looks to where Rick was sitting, sees nothing, then holds up an egg) He's gone! 
He's fine! 
(in a strange unknown accent) Hola, sir wachin Jake and Amar. 
Wasn't trying to be. 
Hey. 
Where are you, man? 
Yeyeah. I know. 
Very cool. 
Ok. 
Can I hang out f-- 
--for a little- I'll see ya! 
(holding up a peace sign) Pea'. 
Say it! 
(holding up a curved peace sign) Pea'. 
What was that? 
Text, or.. email,?-- 
(holding up a peace sign) Pea'. 
(holding up a peace sign) Arriveder... Chi? 
(still in the room, turning to face Jake) Leaving! 
(pointing at the door handle) This door handle is so gay. 
I don't even wanna touch it! 
Nothing, I just wanna hang out with you and your friends. 
NOT later, I wanna hang out now, I'm bored now! 
I'll have fun. 
Yes, I want to. 
Mmhmm. Yes. 
Aight then MOVE! (pushing past Jake to walk over to Murph and Rosie and sit down in Jake's chair) 
(holding his arms out and smiling) uEEIHHH! (laughs) 
No! I don't work... any of that stuff. Anyway, what are you guys talking about? Trucks,-- 
(laughing) I used to make Jackass-style videos in high school. 
(laughing) Yeah, lots of grocery carts to-- (laughs) One time my friend Austin tried to like longboard off the side of a house onto like an empty pool, but his like truck got caught in a shingle and he ended up, like, clipping his head on the side of the pool. (laughs) 
(laughing) Yeah he ate shit so hard that he died. 
(stuttering) Ss- Yeah, eeayhad like, they tried to like-- 
What? 
Like what? 
Where are you? Where are you? 
Oh, your friends, yeah, two guy- two best friends, they're still right here, huh? No, they left. You know what, I would never leave this room. 
Where are we going? I'll go! 
And you're botching Jake and Amir 
I don't know... 
As you probably already know, my great-uncle Gryan donated $100,000 dollars to me to start a business. 
I already invested the money, ok? I bought 10,000 stars and named them after you, so first of all, you're welcome, second of all, let's think of business ideas so that I can get my money back. 
Ok, well scht- let me rattle off some of these ideas, and then you can tell me if they have legit potential or not. Number 1:-- 
Okay, number 4. Oh actually, number 10 then. 
So you know to pop a zit on your back you need like a really long staw (makes a straw slurping noise), and some elbow grease. 
You know how everybody and their widow is just aching to have a song written about them? 
Yeah, well dead people have money, too. 
Do th- Oh my God, ok, so all these ideas are then a no-go.. 
Yeah I thought it was a graveyard of money. 
So you know about Caps Lock, right? 
Ok, well this is Caps UNlock; yeah I'll give you all your lowercase letters, for a fee! Hehehe it's brilliant, are you kidding me it's genius!-- 
You gotta be shitting me with that! 
Well it just helps! 
Alright what's the worst part about aprons, on three, ready? One, two, three, they're too grey-- 
--Right, ok, nevermind. 
Alright let's say I know how to knit a sweater and you know how to speak German, so let's teach each other, let's trade our skill-sets and become more talented people. 
Well, wait 'til you hear the name of the business - Tick Dicklers 
Non-negotiable, that's correct. 
You know the hardest part about making toast is beating up and stealing bread from a baker. 
WELL, ok let me finish, my business will loot that bakery and steal the bread for you. 
Well I looked into it, ok? And it is, you're right, it is; how did you know that? 
(frustrated) AAGH I can't stand it anymore, you're so negative all the time! Stop saying no no no no no no no, think! 
(singing) It's nineteen dollars for a single one, so eat it bitches, cuz boy that's fun, I ca-- 
Bitches is not a cuss, alright, but noted, cuz this thing does get very racy very soon-- 
Yea. 
(rapping) Oh sheesh y'all, it's a cream! It's a motherfuckin' icy dream, w- 
Right, right, sorry. 
AAGH! That's it. One last.. little one.. gimme one more... IHATEYOU! 
(singing) It's a frigid sting that you can't stand, it's a frozen treat inside your hands-- 
(frustrated) Yes, I do! 
(singing) It's a Popsicle, without the stick, it's melting MELTING, eat it quick, it's a frozen treat that you must hold, you-- 
Are you interrupting because you think I'm close to done? Cuz I'm not even at the frickin' VERSE yet, man. 
Pre-chorus! 
Hey y'all you're watching Texas-sized edition of Jake and... 
Alrighty-hoo. 
Nooo! 
Oh, wow. 
How many fedoras did you try on!? 
No no, these are different fedoras, it's you at different stores. 
You look so sad in some of these pictures, man. 
Stop, what are you doing? What do you mean? 
If you're embarassed by these pictures, how are you ever gonna actually wear the fedora? 
What is wrong with you? 
No. 
No!? 
Please do not tag them on Facebook. 
Promise not to tell? 
It's me.  
I blog under a pseudonym so that people can't really tell-- 
My blog is a one stop shop for mom and pop, but don't bring dad around here. This ain't no place for dads.  
That's why I barely even used it, dude.  
Barely on there. 
It's too many.  
Yeah, it's about being confident, sexy and fabulous. OK? Guys can tell, trust me.  
Did you know that a praying mantis have one spouse, one spouse for their entire life. OK, we can learn a lot from that.  
It's on the blog.  
OK, how about this for a true fact-- 
(mockingly) So you were.  
Praying mantises can screw for 9 hours straight, OK? It's the most tantric sex you could ever imagine and I'm just supposed to sit on my fat butt and not blog about that? Like, no, I can't, what are you tal-- 
Yeah, it's called reverse psychology, OK? I say it ain't no place for dads-- 
Pony tails...are for ponies.  
OK, if you could just give me one bit of advice. Just one suggestion, because right now I feel like it's coming-- 
After that, all right? Next tip, OK, let's say-- 
You just lost all your credibility like that. (attempts to snap) 
No, but Widely agreed that that slogan was the smartest thing I ever came up with. 
My friend Widely. 
YEAH, well you look like a short-haired horse!  
Nah, I'm OK. Tha-- 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and to leave a numeric page, press 1. 
I don't know. 
It will just slice through this fig. It will cut through this carob. And if you don't believe me, let's do 'em both, at the same (cuts finger with knife) ti-ahh 
That's OK. (laughs) Did you see it cut the fig? And just slice through that carob? 
You didn't? (laughs) 
(simultaneously) You didn't? (laughs) You didn't? But that's OK, because you know what, a good salesman powers through. How often do you cut a steak? 
Yeah. 
Yeah, now you know how sharp the paring knife is, right? (sucks cut) Hm, hmmm. 
And you have to go to jail. O.K? Because these, these knives are a steal at any price. 
I don't need a thumb, O.K., 'cause I got nine fingers left, nine reasons why these will be the last knives you ever have to buy. 
Mhmm, I am, I'm gonna put pressure on the yound to snatch these up A.S.A.P. because supplies are limited. 
Yeah? Well you're losing the deal of a lifetime. How's that for deadly? 
Oh these knives? Sorry, these are not for sale. I'd be crazy to sell these to you. 
I'll take the money but you cannot get these knives. I'm sorry. 
I spent a fricken g on these knives, like, an hour ago, I can't just give them to you. 
No, I'm trying to sell you these carobs and figs, the softest fruit you'll ever see, but you were just obsessed with the knives so I thought I'd do that for a bit before veering the argument back to carobville. Unfortunately, I got a little sliced en route, so- 
(to phone) You need a fig. 
Best friend. 
O-positive. As in oh, I'm positive you'll need a fig and a carob when I'm done with you- 
O.k., let me call her back. (reaches with bloody hand) 
Americans are paying at the pump -  
Whasevah. 
Ok, no no.  Explain to me how my account gets hacked every day. 
[exasperated]  Yeah, because I think I'm logged out but I'm not, ok!?  So I'm typing it in but it's my status! 
Jake and Amir's Get Together Project. 
I know what you're wondering. Why am I dressed like a champion? 
Ooh... impressed? 
Yeah, it was a little cold, but -uh- it's worth it. 
It doesn't matter. 'Cause I can't feel them. Are you ready? 
-To participate in my office obstacle course? 
Why, you're afraid you can't beat my time? 
My lap time. One lap around the office hurtling over chairs to the 
One minute and eight seconds 
Yeah, well forget it. 
I mean if you want I could set it up 
-up and start... Okay  
You didn't let me start my watch. 
That's against the rules. 
How does that have anything to do with your shin? 
No. You can't dock- 
That was - you didn't do any of it. You didn't hurdle over the chairs. 
I guess like three seconds- four seconds  
What a weird math.. No that's not right. 
See the workplace doesn't have to be boring. Get together, make the day fun. What are some ways you spice up the work environment? Let us know by- 
Red? 
People let's get closer. 
Jake and Amir's Get Together Project. 
A brownie good sir? 
It's batter. 
Here'a hint, bake something and leave it on your desk. It's a great way to meet coworkers, okay, people will be dying to taste your tasty treats. 
Yeah, there are egshells in this for sure. 
How's this for desperate and needy? I'm lonely and I wanna make friends. 
Okay. So what do you suggest? 
Uhh- no thank you. 
It's called eating healthy. 
Done. 
Well, I wanna see how this brownie thing plays out first. 
Okay, how do you make friends with your coworkers. I need to know, so  leave a comment below. 
Yeah. 
People let's get closer. 
You'll never guess who I ran into in the elevator.  
Guess! 
No, I said you'll never guess.  
It's not. It's not even close.  
I don't know... what? Who's that? What's he saying? 
No, I shouldn't have even had you guess. I don't even know anyone's name anyway.  
Yeah, which makes it all the worse that I barrelled into this dude in the elevator.  
Yeah. I mean, accidentally but like at full speed, yeah.  
I didn't know his name.  
Heh. I don't even know your name.  
No. That's not it. It starts with a D, right?  
Dude we should have a party. A get together.  
No no no we should just introduce each other to everybody, you know, at the party? That way, we can learn everybody's names.  
I have an idea.  
Oh it's just to get this sandwich, I was hungry.  
Ok, NOW I have an idea.  
Mm! Yeah! It's way better with ketchup! 
Oh, it's obviously a joke. We already know each other's names. 
Well, you're a terrible human being, Joe-f.  
Joel. Right.   
Laugh you're alive! 
...alive! 
OK, you know what? I don't get it. Because stay-at-home mom is the politically correct term. 
I will never understand the..Holly shit Doobs is here! 
Doobs. 
No! 
So why are you here Doobs? 
As someobody with the audacity and heart to go after what they love. 
cause he's got moxie. You know what moxie is? (Points towards his groin)This is moxie! 
I wish I had a fork and a knife to eat every single word I've ever spoken to you but instead all i have are this chopsticks... 
...so I'm just gonna eat the big words and eventually I'll shamefully ask for a spoon and scoop the small words into my mouth. 
Oh, Cats doesn't count. 
Mhh! That hurts. 
No! No! No! 
Nah, stop, it's ruined. 
Exactly! 
Ohh, hey there. Do I look more.. confident to you? That's cuz I spent all of last night at a crash Karate course. 
I feel alert. (Jake throws some socks at his face, and he doesn't react.) Attack me. 
N-n-no I'm saying get up, and punch me in the face! If ya got the cojones, brothers! 
Oooh, didn't think you had the guts, Mike O'Malley! Let's go to mo! 
Alright, pretend you have a gun now. 
Just pretend you have a gun and try to shoot me in the face? 
You don't wanna do this dance, partner! I'm afraid you're (Jake fake shoots Amir, who dodges with his head far too late) gonna be too slow on the draw-- 
Well try again then, because I guarantee.. this one (Jake fake shoots him again, and Amir dodges too slowly again) WON'T be as successful, didn't think so-- 
(singing) Take that, dancing queen... 
Well then you shouldn't mess with the bull! 
Cuz then you're gonna get the horns for free (he puts his fingers up by his head to make horns, and scrapes his feet on the ground like a bull about to charge). Here we go, one more time-- 
Euh, Ja-- oh, Jake, I had the weirdest, funniest dream. 
You try teaching an all-night Karate course, alright, and see how easy it is for you to stay awake! 
No, I didn't frickin'-- I'm talking about my sensei, man, that guy is a god! 
Can I ask you question? Stand up so I can see your jeans. 
It's a journal.  
As a goof. 
All Hallow's Eve.  
Yeah! You were texting, OK? And someone said something that made you laugh, and you were smiling, and then you looked up at me and like, you know, once-- 
Yeah, exactly. 
Yeah! That's a win! OK, I count that as a 'W' in the old diary. 
That's a journal. (holding up a scroll) This is a diary.  
Dinner tonight? 
I barely say it anymore! 
Exactly, and that's why it's funny to do that.  
You say stuff over and over, OK? That's what makes it funny. 
No, no- 
No, no! In a perfect world, everything would always stay the same. OK, nothing would ever change, you know that.  
Journal.  
OK, we're still a go-ies(?) then?  
Just give me my old scroll bag backpack back, please.  
Hey, you're watching comedy history being made.... 
Jake and Amir, then. 
[Talking to himself] Hahahaha ow! Mmm, fuck me in my goat ass. [To Jake] Another day at the races! 
My snake frickin', clipped me or something. 
Yeah went right for the jugular too, smug prick. Got me once in the neck, twice in the forearm, and then like two more times in the abdomen. 
I didn't feed the prick for like, two weeks 'cause she was being a bitch. Then I decided to start taunting her, you know, dancing around with dead mice all over my body. Dumb ass went for it! And got it! 
So you're saying I'm dumber than a snake? 
OK you should have been there man, Leron was dying! 
No he was legit dying, like he got bit by a snake last week but he was like too cool to go to the hospital.... 
It's my snake now because I liked her feistiness, OK? But it was a snake at the time. I thought I could tame the wild beast. Turns out.... I could! 
Mmhmm.... 
OK don't tell me I shouldn't own pets, I've had like, ten owls in the past year.  
They're frickin' dead! [Hoot] gives a shit? 
Hoot.... gives a shit! Come on man! 
Just so you know, this silent treatment isn't winning! Haha! Ow! [No response from Jake] Come on man! That's gold, and you're not even cracking a smile! 
What? 
Oh my god.... I think I just turned deaf. 
Yeah, I can't.... [bangs on desk] I can only hear noises and me, but not you. [Clapping] Like, I can't even tell if I can even hear this or just feel it.... 
You shut up, OK? For the rest of my life all I can hear is noises, and you! Do you realize how doomed I am? 
[Picking up open backpack with hissing snake inside] Haha, you hear that you little serpent slut? I'm not deaf! 
watching 
I know! 
[interrupting] Great! So, we'll see you in a month, like... what? 
I told you three months ago I was on it. 
Yeah. That's because he farted in it. 
That's funny to you?! 
Am I excused, like...? 
Right. And I stand by that. 
Dead or alive? 
What ABOUT the mural, Kare? 
[interrupting] Yeah, a 200 foot by 10 foot concrete wall -- blank as the night -- ready to be painted by the imaginative fingers of today's youth. 
And... I was able to... get one twice as big. 
So... double the kids... on that... Karen. 
NARC! 
What about music, okay? Some phat beats, dope rhymes, things like-- 
I can freestyle for about two and half hours straight. Make your face leak underneath... all that stuff-- 
[interrupting] I'm going to get a CD! A frickin' mix cassette tape -- how does that sound for a freestyle? 
You can go... to jail! For killing and de-tusking an elephant. I mean, how long are we going to stand idly by-- 
Okay, Karen...? 
Karen! I have your wall! I have your wall, Karen! 
With no hands, bitches! 
I don't know... 
I gotta cut out early today... 
Yeah, well, I gotta go to prom. 
Oh my god. You sound just like her dad. 
The girl that refused to go with me. 
Yeah, so me and my boys [Amir makes air quotes.] rented a limo (pronounced lie-mo). We're gonna go... stag. (chuckles) 
That's when you go alone, without a date, but— 
'Cause none of those douches ponied up the dough yet, all right? And they all said no to me. It's like, I'm doing all the leg work; the least they could do is not yell at me. 
Nah, I'm gonna go with Mickey, my friend. (chuckles) Goal of the prom is to pour a gallon of milk on the bitch that refused this hand. 
(leaning in closer) Okay, get this, poetic justice... 
Couple of weeks ago, a few of her friends beat the shit out of me. 
Not a bunch! Okay, just two sluts that wouldn't take Please, I'm sorry! for an answer. (chuckles) They pushed me into a cow. Dodged a bullet there... 
What? 
(grabs corsage) Okay, is there an answer I could give that wouldn't result in you hating me more? 
(pause, quiet, shaking head) ...No. 
Yeah, it's, like, not even close to that... 
I was gonna put this corsage on her milk-soaked wrist and plug away at her fingers like they're little udders, while the whole school hopefully chants, Moo, cow, moo! Moo, cow, moo! Moo, cow, moo! 
What? 
(pause) Okay. 
...I just have to, like, swing by for, like, [Jake 
It's too late, okay; I already have the whole thing pretty much planned out. 
(grabbing cell phone) Oh! Speak of the devil! (talking on phone) Hey bitch! (chuckles) Hey, I hope you're not lactose intolerant—'cause you're getting milked tonight! (chuckles) Good! No, good, put him on. (talking to dad) Hey sir. Hi, yes, uh, your daughter is a nobody at high school. I'm friends with Dylan, okay? I know what's cool. He wears frickin' sunglasses to class. Yeah! No, I'm in the cool group, and we all agree that your daughter is a zero. She's less than a zero, and guess what? She's gonna wake up with cheese in her ears tomorrow morning, which ain't gonna help the situation. (chuckles) Y'know what, good, call the cops. I just won't show up then. (chuckles) Actually... can you not, because I wanted to show up and do the milk—well, I don't wanna get arrested! So now I can't go—I dropped a G on this frickin' tux, sir! This was supposed to be the most magical night of my life, and you're basically telling me not—that I can't go, because I'm—okay. Great. Bye. (hangs up) Yeah, my night just opened up hard, so we can hang out. I might wanna call in a bomb threat though, y'know; if the fuzz are gonna be there, we might as well frickin' make them earn their keep. 
(talking on phone) Ah, Mickey, my friend! (laughs) Good news, sir! There was no traffic, and I am there early! Come outside. That body you're about to see hanging out of a stretch Hummerzine? That is me, my friend! That is all me. (laughs) Can you see me? I'm waving my hands, Mickey! Nah, you can't see me, because I'm not there, Mickey. I got stood up to prom, Mickey, and now you are too! Yeah, Operash Milk? That's a no-go. I don't c—I don't know, man; you spent two weeks on a dairy farm. (laughing) That's not my problem anymore! That's your milk, your problem, Mickey! The operash is a no-go like I said, Mickey. All right, I'm just kidding; come outside—'CAUSE I'M NOT THERE. 
No big deal. 
Then I was right. 
Can't photograph this moment. This is the kind of moment you just have to be in. 
We get so concerned about finding the right picture, the right frame that (pause) we don't get the right memory. 
'Cause a moment is just that. It's a moment and then it's a second and as soon as you identify it it's over. So... 'Cause you can look at the sun (simultaneously) and you can say- 
What? 
I know and I'm just saying not to take today for granted.  
'Cause if you do (simultaneously) then it's just gonna slip awa- okay. 
I'm just saying that if you do- 
Okay, but if you do, if you take today for granted, then you shouldn't, because it's just gonna slip away. 
I don't care. 
(follows jake) Another thing about the sun is that you can't stare at it 'cause it's too beautiful to take in. 
Nah, it's too much beauty for your eyes all at once. 
That's what I said.  
Okay. Just don't steal it from me. 
(simultaneously) You're stealing it 'cause I said it and now you're saying- Just give me your phone. 
Give me your phone! 
Because I wanna take a twit-pic of this. 
That's 'cause I didn't see how cool it looked and now that I see how awesome it is I really want it on my Facebook wall. Okay, I really wanna take a picture (simultaneously) then post it online, otherwise it doesn't exist. No, gimme! (grabbing phone) Gimme your phone! 
Okay? Are you happy? Disconnect, bitch! Sign off. Get away from the grid. It's over. You are so mad because- Oh my- I'm taking a picture of that. I am (taking selfie) taking a picture, me and the grump. (laughs) Tweeting it, hashtag douche doesn't know how to disconnect. (Jake leaves) Whatsoeva. Where are you? (following Jake) Another thing about the sun... 
Two-door or four-door? 
You're missing the point. 
Oh no!  
I will buy one. 
Me. 
Okay. 
I'll buy the shirt right now. 
Thank you. 
You gotta learn how to be funny 
Jake, let's go, he's right 
That's true 
Mine doesn't. 
In the hand... 
So? 
Took you long enough. 
Yeah, most of that is scene direction, though- 
Enough talk. What'd you think? 
What did you think? 
Give me one thing, okay? Give me one thing to hone in on. It's so broad. 
Just try to focus all your energy, like a laser, on one thing, yeah. 
Focus it. Focus in on one. 
Wow! Congrats, grad! You can read. 
-Probably autocorrected... 
That impostor is from Hawaii, I guarantee it. 
Maybe you'll be singing a different tune when you realize who we were thinking of for the male lead. 
Edward frickin' Nort. 
No, my cousin's lawyer, Edward Nort. 
You should've heard Mr. Nort deliver that line. He nailed it in callbacks. 
So basically, you're jealous 'cause we didn't cast you as the main guy. 
You're not annoyed we went with Nort over you? 
You were seriously considered. You were! 
Yes! 
-Bad! 
-No. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir! 
Lock the door, please. 
You keep on telling me to [imitates choking noises]? Heheh, what is that? 
Heheheh! Come on, laugh! That's funny. I laugh at all your jokes, and trust me 
Okay, what is this? [Amir copies the gesture Jake is making.] I never studied the universal symbols for stuff. 
How 'bout this 
Nahhh. Not buying that! Not buying that at all. That's a fake spin; you're just spinning to make it seem like you're choking because I told you to spin. 
No no, this is just a game we're playing, okay? And you're not invited. So leave. 
Sorry, it's just that if this isn't a goof, it should be me that saves you, not some... other loser, alright? Amir saves Jake. That's... that's the lead. 
I'm gonna eat your sandwich... so if you're alive... better stop me... 
Okay... great acting job. The best Actor... -Grammy... goes to... you! [pause] You didn't laugh at any of my jokes... and now I'm not gonna save yours. [pause] Um... [pause] Ummm... [impersonating Trump] You're fired! [pause] Hm. Wow... you know, I gotta hand it to you, man... didn't think you'd take it this far! Hm. Aah! 
You know what? Now I wish you are alive, because if you're dead, people are gonna blame me... and you're gonna feel... like a pony. [pause] Okay! This has been a dope lunch, thank you, but I don't deserve this star-treatment. So. 
(monotone) Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Nah. 
(fake laughter) That was the best! Are you guys laughing 'cause you're about to get fired? 
I don't know, why'd you cut out at 3 
Uh, actually, my dear Watson, it was twelve. 
No, you don't have to justify it to me. You do have to justify it to your boss, though. (points to his computer) Don't you? 
Thirty three emails sent from your account to Ricky, your boss. Shame you weren't here to stop me. Oh wait, I forgot. You're in a corn maze! 
Yeah, and then he responds as the Donald, Ya fired. 
Yeah, cream on the side. 
And mixed in. 
I just thought of it two seconds ago. Otherwise I would've written it. But now, Ricky gets the hit and he's livid. 
For a thousand Gs, I will un-send that email. 
Yeah, keep reading. It gets brat-worse. 
You looked like a friggin dildo baggins! 
I just thought of it! Everything that I'm saying now, I just thought of so it's not in the emails. 
Alright, are we done here? 
(raising voice) Are we done here? 
I'm cutting out early, okay? It's the first nice day of the year, and you expect me to spend it indoors? No! I'm going home! 
(to Jake) Hold on a second, its not-- its not-- 
Hold ON a second, its not recording yet. 
Youre wasting your frickin breath, man; its not recording.-- 
(quietly) Really excited and real- thatd be good, lemme wait til we record and then you can-- 
Im not recording yet! 
(moving Jakes arm away from the screen) Dont touch it! Ok-- 
I thi-- Is it the time of day? 
Then we gotta frickin go, ok because (JAKE 
Ok I found it I found it I found it, ready? Im gonna hit the record square. 
Three, two, one, and.. (to the camera) THANK-- 
I know. 
Yeah. Yes, yes. (to Jake) Oh, Jake! (chuckles) Emily meet Jake, Jake meet my daughter, Emily.  
Hey, hey, hey, hey. My daughter came in today. Do us the courtesy.  
Yo, yo bro. Eyes up here, OK? She's underage.  
Yeah, well she's nineteen so. 
She's under your age. She's under your age. 
You pervert, justifying it to me like I'm a judge.  
Trust me. You don't want to know. (chuckles) 
I walked into a sperm bank when I was nine-- 
--ready to go 'cause, 'cause-- 
--cause I was strapped-- 
'cause-- 
I was strapped for cash. (just Amir) And my illegal guardian was being a douche.  
They don't. That's why I tried to adopt this dumb-ass orphan on a whim. Ready for the rub? 
I'm trying to get her a freaking externship, OK? Do you realize how hard that is? Sorry for caring. 
So anyway, I tried to adopt this dumb-ass orphan-- 
--but they wouldn't let nine year olds do that either.  
I just met her at the freaking mall outside of a Hotdog-On-A-Stick and she called me 'daddy', demanding that I buy her lunch and take her and her friends on a six day shopping spree.   
Emily go to your room! (Emily gets up to leave) Sorry about that, I shouldn't have yelled. (hands her money) Go get yourself a Jamba Juice, can I have a peanut butter mood, please? Thank you. (Emily exits) She is a burden but she means well.  
Talk about my daughter again like that and I will end you. I will break your neck! 
Jake. 
He'll break your neck. 
'Cause your neck is broken, my friend.  
It's already broken-- 
When your neck is broken, you hear accents.  
I hear his accent because my neck it broken. I broke it on the way to work today.  
All right, tell me the point of this again. 
Yeah, I'm staying in shape. Round. (chuckles) OK, but when Roseanne Barr says it, you crack up. 
I did! I did, OK? I laughed my head off. 
You're not running, you're-- 
More calories than running? 
Check it.  Half the effort, twice the reward.  
Yeah, well according to this machine, I've already burned 310 calories, so...twinkie time!  
It's cream filled! 
I don't slow down, I speed up, and when I look at you, I throw up.  
That is a death machine, man.  
What's your record for longest treadmill run? 
Zumba? 
Check it out. Walking backwards. 
Yeah, well I'll FALL IF IT GOES ANY FASTER! 
I'm going to! 
I'm goo-- 
Want a sip? 
Better! It's an experimental energy drink that my cousin Leron is trying to copyright called 'lazer'.  It's like fifty hour energy, WOO! 
He basically boils down like a case of soda pop down to its corn syrup, then he adds sugar in the raw-- 
OK, well let me FINISH--with the ingredient list, sorry but you sound like the frickin' FDA. 
Yes, but can the ladies tell? 
OK, I'm sorry, but she was a fat bitch.  
Then he takes candy corn and melts it down to the raw, and a bottle of Aunt Jemima's maple syrup and melts it down to the raw.  Then he takes one of those big lollipops, that you can only get at Disney Land and melts it down-- 
Yeah! To the frickin' raw! 
Here we go! Shoeless Joe Jackson!  Shoeless Joe Jackson back on the horse baby! 
Two times, two times in one session! What are the odds? 
I don't know, but I've been told... 
You gotta be quiet and mighty old. Sound off. 
Sound off.  
Sound off, shh, shh, SHUT UP!  
In space. 
On a computer in space. 
No. 
You'll owe me a big one. 
And not just a favor, either. 
No. No, we'll see about that, okay. You might be singing a different tune when I-- 
Good. Good, good, good. That'll actually give me some extra time to think about what ye shall owe me. 
[ignoring Jake] Pick up my lunch every day for a month... doggie style. That's in your mouth. 
Right? 
Every day for a year now! Missionary style. That's also in your mouth. 
Same exact same. 
Same incorrect same, then-- 
It's a mirror! 
Yeah, it is. And by the way, year one starts tomorrow, Hurwitz, so get your getting lunch shoes ready. 
Yeah, I'll clean it -- but first you gotta owe me a big one. 
You gotta clean the door every day for a year. 
Doggie style, too! That's with my mouth. 
Gesundheit! You're watching Jake and Amir 
interrupting sneeze 
Sorry 
Yeah baby yeah.  
Shagadelic baby, yeah. 
Huh? 
I'm okay.  
Honestly don't joke about it cause it really killed my chin! 
Who throws a shoe!? 
That would be groovy.  
Hey you're watching Jake and Amir, and me and Jake are wearing matching jeans. 
So... 
(Rocking back and forth, giggling obnoxiously) Ohhhhhhhh! You can't torture me like that man! You can't torture me like that! You're making me weak kid. You're making me weak man. (Goat like giggling between each sentence) I'm not eating carbs this month man and it's killing me to watch you eat that sandwich. 
(Mouth full of sandwich) Not a lot. Not a lot! 
Okay well I'm hungry! Alright? And I need the energy and I'm eating around the carbs. 
(Now holding a half eaten bagel) You want some legit constructive criticism?  
You're not well travelled. (Shrugs) Bomb-shell. I know I'm sorry but I'm right okay. Take yourself on a me-cation. Go some place warm. 
(Biting a pizza slice) Then go some place warmer. 
I'm on a diet. Okay. Have you ever heard of Atkins? 
(Drops pizza on paper plate) I eat what I want, when I want, why... I want. 
Why don't you tell my six pack how diets work baby! (Lifts up shirt) 
Yeah! 
I know! 
Shut up! 
Okay relax. It's all one big rash okay. This one's a rash, that one's eczema all along my sides that's adult impetigo. 
Yeah, each rash is a sixer. A six pack of ab muscles so... 
(Eating spaghetti bolognese) Okay I eat when I'm happy!  
(Whining through mouthful of spag bol) That's cos my frickin abdomen feels like it was drenched in syrup two weeks ago and I haven't had the time to clean it off since. It's really dry and really itchy. 
No, it's not that. It's from the syrup. I actually did drench my abdomen in syrup. 
GRAVY! Okay! Don't cut me off. 
(Mouthful of chocolate cake) Stop fighting!  
That was bad, man. 
(arrives with bouquet) SUP! (laughs) Mir-Mir in the house! 
I come here every day. 
Soulmates. Right? 
Really, because I've never seen you here. 
Oh, is there a difference between being a murderer and being pathetic? 
Yeah! 
Yeah, really! 
Yeah, I went there! What do you wanna do? 
Good, then; I hope it's a flower fight because then we got a real David and Goliath thing going on. 
Okay then, let's switch bouquets then! 
HEY! Okay, okay— 
You're a ghost. 
Went right through her, man! 
Maybe I'm dead then... 
You look.. just like her! 
Alive... 
Yeah, yours are brighter. And she had a lazy eye, which you don't. 
She was always like—Where is she look—She could watch two TVs at once. (laughs with Jake)  
I always joked about that. 
Ooh, let me smell your breath! 
Doesn't even resemble dog food! Yeah! 
What was that?! 
Yeah! 
It was, like, a crispy dog biscuit, all right? 
It was, like, a crispy dog bone-shaped biscuit. 
Thank you! 
Anyway! Not anyways. 
(simultaneously, nasally) Anyways! 
(nasally) Anyways! 
Oh god, so nasal! 
Just that one word. 
(inaudible) 
Barely, okay? I like the way you ate dog food; Jake was the one being a bitch by (inaudible) 
I told you; it punched right through her, man! 
No, it didn't. 
Barely... 
Wow. Cannot believe that Lerona's twin is a ghost. It's like... (punches Jake) Dead arm! 
(waves to graveyard) Sorry! 
I'm playing a game! 
We caught the bitch! We caught the bitch! 
Osama bin Hidin'. Osama bin Not. 
Well now he's not. We're gonna put him on trial, and I'm gonna grill him. (sizzling noise) George Foreman style. AKA with onions. 
Because he's guilty 
As charged, and I'm gonna bring him there. 
What? 
I saw a two month old New York Post on the subway this morning with his face on it and figured we had caught the bitch, right? Put a net around him and dragged his ass to Yankees Stadium, put him on trial in front of the fearless fans of Bronx's Alpha, parked his car in the Harvard yard, took him to the square. 
Only it wasn't Osama bin Laden; it was my dad. And it wasn't Yankees Stadium, either, it was like my elementary school and I was naked. 
Mhm. Yeah I fainted, twice. Today, actually. Once at my aunt's condo on the way over here in a bowl of cereal, and another on like a subway platform, and when I came to there were 35 police officers looking down on me, told me I missed the train by like half an inch. I was this close- 
Jake, Amir, you're watching us— 
Yes. 
Wow... Notice anything different about me? 
What?! (Checks his cyst) No, haha, ow, no no no it's still here. And it's hardened. Ow. 
Yeah I got this badboy (taps his headset). This molds to the contour of my head. 
No. 
It's like a golf ball, it's growing on top of it. 
I'm not ignor—you're ignoring thist! (Touches headset) So I insist, that you stop. 
Doesn't matter. It's not yours, I don't see why you care. 
I just don't get why the second I get something as chill as a headset you're all up in my snatch about it. 
Correction, never get calls. 
Never got calls, then. 
It's called I wanted people to call me on my new headset so I left my phone number in a gas station bathroom, okay? But I didn't  want to soft sell it so I wrote For a good time, call: in lipstick above it. (Subvocalizing) Wow! 
Hello? 
I'm wearing a shirt, I guess. Uh, yeah I'm hard, and it is a little wet. How did you even know I had a cyst? 
Hello? Hello? (To Jake) Anyway where were we? Oh right I remember where you were, 100%, firmly placed, inside of, my snatch. 
None of your bitchness. 
I don't think... no. 
732? 
Jersey. I mean, is it? 
Sometimes I spend gas station time there, but like nothing more than that. 
Which is why I swear to god that I didn't leave your phone number. 
I left your phone number. I just remembered and I wanted to come clean because the idea of me not telling you was eating me up  inside. I just thought you wanted some company while you were all up in my sand. 
I forgot it for half a second but then I remembered it 
Dammit, no. It wasn't that, but you get the prize for getting it the closest. 
No, that wasn't it. I already gave you the prize, stop lobbying for more. (Gets a call) Hello? Uh... I don't know why don't you  ask Jake what it smells like, he's currently in it. (To Jake) He's asking me about my— 
Snatch, yeah. 
Blato!  
Not just any business card. My business card.  
My business card.  
My business card.  
(chuckles) It's blank, or is it invisible ink? (pulls out a squirt bottle and sprays card, then starts waving it around) Here we go. (pause) Suddenly, the card comes to life.  
Not yet! (still shaking card) Not yet.  
It's already starting to work. (continue shaking card throughout conversation) 
It's fast! OK, if you know anything about invisible ink.  
Well I do and this is fast. This is considered lightning fast in the industry. Starting to-- 
What?  
You're mumbling, OK? (makes silly noises with his mouth)  
Well, it's not with water, OK? It's vinegar. (laughs) And the instructions are written   on the card once you've spritz it, oooh, that was tough.  
OK, you're just being a dick because you think this was a waste of $3000.  
A good business card should one prominently, two: be simple and clean and three: be easily readable.  
A GREAT business card should-- 
--one 
--and three 
It's showing up.   
(stops shaking the card) OK, you know what? You have a lot of dumb ideas too but I don't call you out on them because you're my friend and at least you're trying and I want to see you happy.      
Yeah.  
(pause) Which is fine, right?  
Absolutely.  
Lunch? 
(softly) Take it easy man. (pause) This could actually work-- 
Whoa, just got my first business card tweet.  
Yeah, it's from you. (chuckles) 
(reading) Sick card, bro. Wanna do lunch?  
Don't fucking pity me! 
Well hey, check it out, Jake and a mirror. 
That was a fricken courtesy laugh! And I appreciate it! 
Hey, you think this shaving cream stuff works on cats? Yes or no, bitch I'm talking to you. 
That's not what I asked you 
Yeah? 
No! (Chuckles) 
I don't know, haven't decided yet. 
(Talking over Jake lecturing him) I know. Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know! I know already, I said I know! Jesus, you don't have to be a queen douche about it. 
Brown, I know right? 
Yeah, that too. 
Hm, this is easy. 
Would it be harder or easier if I had legit cat fur on my face though? 
Don't tell me what to do, okay? 
I'll just get a sharper razor then. 
Look at that. 
Do they make circular razors? 
Like one that would like easily mold to the contour of a feline anus? 
I'm gonna shave a cat. 
Ooh, nicked myself a little bit. 
Mmhmm. 
Ooh, okay. Two for two! 
I was going that slowly. 
It's not chief. 
You know, if you think this is funny... 
Imagine it being cat blood. (Laughs) Imagine wearing a bib with  a towel... (Closes eyes faintly) I fainted for a split. 
No worries. 
(Bowing) I am honored. 
Shalom. 
(Hebrew) I don't have to translate that. (He and Rachel laugh) 
(Hebrew, to the Rachel) Stop! 
I mean, c'mon, she pretty much gets it. 
Ya, cause that was a bad joke. 
sits down Ow! 
unravels scroll Top Ten cars to hot box by Amir Valerie Blumenfeld. Number Ten: It don't matter the car, the size, or the space, 'cause I'm filling that shit with the illest dank stank, you won't even be able to tell the difference between the stick shift and your stiff dick. 
Okay Nine 
Numero Eight matter the whip when I ghost ride this hike... BLAZE, I'm high. 
Seventh Heaven 
Number Six arithmetic in.. Translation, who gives a fudge? The car is meaningless when you're getting riproaringly blazed, might as well be a kite 'cause I'm that high. I'm stoned. 
Number five 
Roll up to a joint and roll up a joint. Let's clam bake this baked clam on a glazed ham. 
Exactomundo! Though it should be a '99 Volvo V70, cherry green, lease to own. Number three is a toyota yaris. Lemon yellow, like a lemon cello, a mellow cello for this mellow fellow. Two is a Nissan quest and one don't matter, cause guess what? whispers Yeah... 
Hey. 
Sorry, uh, got to go take a shit.  
But Jake's gift hath arrived. So whenever you guys get a chance, pay the peeper! (chuckles)  
Huh? 
Well, uh, like I said, I ended up going for the deluxe package-- 
--So uh-- 
That changed the price by just a hair. So uh. 
Yeah! Well you know how I was deciding between the headphone thing and the deluxe package?  
Yeah, well, OK, sorry, I really, uhh, I got to go take a shit. But I was deciding between the headphones and the deluxe package and I ended up saying 'eff it, you only turn 26 once, I went balls to the wall and I got the deluxe package, so that's-- 
Umm, sorry, like...whaaa-- 
I don't kn--Yeah. It is. Sorry, I'm like, ugh, really backed up and loopy right now.  So I'm like sort of saying one thing but meaning another.  Yeah, it was sincere. What's your excuse for being a D-bag though? 
Well. Like I said, since I ended up getting the deluxe package-- 
--The sum ended up falling somewhere in the neighborhood of like, god, I want to say like fourteen six a person.  
Yeah, fourteen thousand six hundred dollars, but now I really have to go because I'm legit about to diarrhea my jeans.  
Well, it's an all inclusive thing, OK? It's a deluxe package, that's the MacBook Air, the wine, you know, two days in the ring with a former pro, plus the plane tickets to España, so, it's a little bit much, but like, when he gets back we're going to have to divide up the receipts, see how much the food and wine cost, because that was not included. (chuckles) Neither was the boxing thing, actually. 
No man, it's not all inclusive, but I think-- 
AH!  
Jake. What's up, man? What were we talking about? Sports? 
It was going to be a surprise! (Amir and Jake start hopping up and down) Yeah!  
No way. 
Who doesn't?  
You're watching Zack and Amir! 
Okay, we don't want to spoonfeed the audience. 
[The rest have stopped singing] ...of my owwwwwwwwn-- guys, you gotta work through that, okay? We're gonna be heckled a lot harder than that, protesting the kindergartners' graduation tonight... 
Why is it when you pick up a hobby, you're, like, a nice guy, but when I do it, I'm an asshole? 
Are you just mad at me because I haven't done any work in the last couple days? 
Or is it that I'm so good at singing now-- 
--that it makes everything you do seem--... what's the word I'm thinking of? Uh, I-- I'm so good at something, that you are now... 
...bad. 
'Cuz if it's the first one-- 
--I'll shut up... 
...but if it's the second one-- 
Okay, fine, new rule, then if it's the second one, it's the opposite of good. It's, um... 
Don't butt in, Lerrence. 
Okay-- will all jealous parties just vacate the room? Or I'll make-make the boom. 
Hey, it's a living! 
Deal! 
Oh, hey Jake. 
Have a good one. 
Oh, yeah! 
Oh... no. Oh no. 
I can tell ya... but then I'd have to kill ya! 
It's... just a t-- forget it, okay? My cousin Leron jacked the pamphlet from a dentist and tried to slap these on herself. 
Himself, I said. 
Turns out, he couldn't. Wuh-oh, no surprise there. Leron's a coward and a thief. Good thing his buddy Travin was right around the corner, and he fixed me up right good! Only problem is: he's concussed. 
Sittin' in the operating chair, I'm this terrible combination of pissed and scared, kickin' my legs willy-nilly like a jackrabbit over water, but Lee and Trav were gung-ho about the project, not ready to relent. Luckily for me, Trav [now pronounced trayv] is a frickin' geezer. 
He's a sprightly ninety-three, but doesn't look a day under thirty. 
Anyway, I kick him straight in the jar. 
I wish! 
Don't pretend you didn't notice, okay? Gingivitis, plaque, rotting-gum disease, oral acne, periodontic rosacea... 
God, no. Nah, I had a--, like, headgear for the first eleven years on Earth. 
Yeah. Well, even way before. I even had one of those chinstrap things and, like, a built-in retainer you had to turn with, like, a... like a-- that soda can opener thing? 
No, like the thing you open a soda can with. 
Yeah. Right, exactly. A tab. Either way, in about three weeks I'm gonna have the brightest set of pearly-whites you'll ever see! 
I know. 
I know. 
I know! So drop it. 
So drop it. 
Bleeding? ...Or am I just eating a red velvet cupcake? 
Incorrect! [He pulls out a red velvet cupcake.] Both. 
I was gonna, okay? But my teeth frickin' kill. 
Yeah. Here we go... 
Not necessarily... 
All right! 
(singing to self) I feel shitty... Oh, so shitty— 
OWNED! 
Relax, dude, you got pranked, okay? (raises hand) Give it up for the pranker. 
It's—What, you've never heard of teepeeing? 
Well, this is a brown teepee. 
(laughs) Relax, dude, it's just poo-poo, okay? If it were bad for you, it wouldn't be in your stomach before you pooped it out! 
All right, Dr. Seuss, okay? If you were just worried that this is, like, a homeless person's shit and not mine, I can assure you... it's a combination of both. (grabs piece of toilet paper and moves it to Jake's face) OOH! 
(lunges again) OOH, DANGEROUS! 
Oh, it's so toxic! 
Oh no, it's _____! Oh nooooo! No! (smearing) 
GOTCHA! It's pudding! 
(immediately after) And shit! 
It's pudding. 
Just pudding. (chuckles) I said, And shit, 'cause it's, like, uh... It's pudding and shit. (chuckles) Like, y—you go to the market, and you're like, I'm gonna get pudding and shit. But it—you're just getting pudding and then sh—you're not really getting shit. It's just pudding. Pudding and shit. 
ONE LOG! [Jake gags and runs off.] Okay, I put one log [Sarah: Oh...] in there to get the color right, and then everything else is chocolate, okay—and I don't even know if I took it from the log section, so you're still being a bitch. 
To get the color right, I just said, to get the color— 
It means the prank is over. So we can stop pretending to be friends. 
You're watching Drake and Amir! Not hard. 
Barely! 
Okay, why do they call this a high school play? They should be calling it a high school work... 'Cause it's boring. (laughs) 
Okay, I got, like, fifty more of those jokes, and if you're gonna nitpick every single one of 'em, they're almost not even worth saying. 
ALMOST! ...I said. 
NO, DON'T GO IN THERE! 
What? It's not a movie, okay? There are actual actors here; they can hear me. 
Heed my advice! 
I feel like I'm directing it. 
CUT! Sorry. 
Hey, which one's your cousin? I wanna heckle him. 
Then she's not your cousin! ...She's your nephew. (chuckles) 
...That's beautiful. (takes out phone) 
HEY! 
I don't get this at all. 
Yeah, it doesn't explain why people are randomly singing and dancing. 
Does! 
Yeah. 
WHAT? 
It's not music, okay? It's a podcast. Check it. (moves earbud to Jake's ear) 
Yeah, that's the name of the podcast. Okay, my cousin mikes up a bunch of homeless people throughout the city and sorta just lets 'em loose. 
Ugh, I really have to take a dump. 
Don't tell me where to shit, man! Okay? Legit prairie doggin' it. 
(looking down) Oh yeah, he's on the loose... 
I am watching, okay? I'm just not listening. 
(singing) Go grease lightning, you're burning up the quarter mile! (talking) Smiley f— 
I'm singing along, okay? 
You think you're a hot shot 'cause you got a cousin? (laughs) Big whoop, you smug prick. I have twenty-seven nieces and nephews. 
Eleven girls, eleven boys. That's all I'll say. 
Okay, fine. Their names are Ryan, Brian, Cryin', Fryin', and Sandra, The Little Engine That Can't. 
Yeah, she has, like, no knee, all right? She's got legit no knees, so we—we sorta discourage her from doing stuff. 
(singing) You are supreme! Uh, uh! The chicks will cream! Uh, uh! 
HEY YOU! 
I got a kid up there, man! 
(makes fart noise) Oh, Principal Farley farted! (chuckles) ...Tough crowd! Yeah, we'll be quiet. 
BOOOO! BOOOO! BOO! ENCORE! 
I wanna boo them one more time! (clapping) BOO! 
Okay, oh! Did somebody say "costume"? 
What? Yes they did. 
Really. Thought I heard it. 
Huh! 
Who am I-- who are you? I'm Amir Blumenfeld, creator of Gears of War. 
Yeah! That's me. I'm Cliff Blinky. 
Okay, you know what? Forget it, 'cause I'm hungry. Me want sushi. Here we go, who wants some fresh fish? 
Okay, that was closer than I thought-- and... here we go-- here we go-- alright. 
[mocking her] "Maybe you should use... ch--" ...sorry, what were you gonna say? I, I was gonna-- [to Jake] I was gonna make fun of her, but I forgot what she was gonna say-- 
Well now you're on a not. [punches the food] Boo-ya! 
I'll tell you guys what I'm doing 
No, no, no, no no no. It's not a date until I make my famous crepes! [stands up awkwardly] 
BRC, alright? Be right... crepe. [leaves for the kitchen] 
[returning from the kitchen] Hey bro, do you know where the rice pots are? 
Yeah, I am. Amir style. That's with a whole lot of rice. 
Okay, well the chef is being super uncooperative, man! 
That's right... I'll teach you... for being a chef! 
Either way, now I can't find jack squat. 
What? 
Guys, screw it. I'm making you Cornish hens instead. That's right, an after-dinner bird, and it's gonna be delicious. [putting the birds directly on the stove element] Here we go, all right, one time! Hey Cliff, how's that sound, man? Ever had a frickin' turkey for dessert before? [laughs] Okay, which one of these is fire? [fumbling with the knobs] 
Alright. I wouldn't, just 'cause I've been touching raw meat. 
Hurry up, okay?  I'm bored! 
That's true. 
(Hanging up Talent Show sign and quietly singing to himself in an office) ...like, we like to party, we like the party... 
Oh!  Here for the talent show? 
Well, then ya can just beat it, 'cause everyone here (brief pause) got talent. 
I dunno where I went wrong, Man. 
It's just, like, one of those things where, like, nobody's specifically to blame. 
Yeah, well, got people talking, didn't it? 
Correctly.  
But provocative, like Nike's Write The Future campaign which got people into soccer. 
What? 
(Shrugs shoulders) Both I guess. 
Right... 
Yeah, just to keep the Filipinos at bay. 
He's alright, yeah he auditioned, he was just like, I dunno, a lot of it was stuff I've seen before; three ball, four ball, five ball... 
Great question!  Daily show type theatrics only a little bit eh right of center, a lot of smoke and mirrors and political potty humor stuff, with a pop culture slant geared toward skewering the left. 
I was gonna swallow a kielbasa and puke all over the front row, like frickin' Gallagher or something. 
Thank-you. 
I appreciate that. 
Yeah... 
I just-I really needed to hear that positive stuff because— 
This talent show 
just didn't go well 
and like— 
Okay. 
(Laughs weakly) Get the fuck outta here, Lying Rying!  Okay?!   
You know what this means?!  It means NOT welcome!  (Holds up flier with his anus on it) 
Jake and Amir present 
Okay.  
Good morning.  
Good morning, I- 
Good morning, I said!  
Okay relax, Romeo.  
I did exactly what you told me to do, Okay? One spritz. Tss Tss  
And I walked right through, okay?  
Alright, you want the truth?  
You're spritz technique to my floor wet, okay? And I slipped and fell chest first., shattering the bottle in between my ribcage and the floor. Uh oh!  
Yeah! I figured I would reek. That's why I bought another friggin' bottle, okay? Did a few more spritzes. stststststststststs Two on the wrist. Two on the wrist. One on the eyebrow, eyebrow, behind the ear, behind the ear. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes.  
Yeah, exactly! That's why my floor is wet again. slipped and fall again, this time on my back. Shattering the bottle in between my back and the floor. Uh oh! 14 years of bad luck. laughs No, I'm just kidding, that's mirrors. Laugh! Laugh at that! Okay? I don't make a lot of good jokes, I'm the first to admit it. But when I do, you gotta give me some taps. You gotta gimme that atta boy.  
I am.  
Me too.  
okay.  
Yeah.  
Tell me the advice.  
I'm not.  
Yeah.  
Youtube tutorial. Just tell me exactly what to do.  
I'm going to. Yeah.  
Are you happy now?  
Funny you should ask. laughs (Amir starts spraying himself with body spray) I actually learned it from a homeless guy who used to sort of do this kinda stuff for nickels. You know, nickels, dimes...  
[Speaking in different voice] Welcome to a mystical.... 
[Normal voice] Good question, Dutch. 
[Getting up] Ohh, here we go! [Runs up to Jake] 
[Yelling] Ohhh, whoo! 
What? 
No.... 
No I don't think so, I think it was a fake out. 
I barely even.... Well I went like [mimes headbutting] but I think I pulled out before I hit you, I don't think I even hit you! 
Don't yell at me, OK? I'm in way worse pain than you are! 
Yeah, but I'm feeling shame, OK? So that's worse! 
Why what? 
'Cause at least you get to be angry, OK? That's a release! 
I'm in pain too! Plus in addition to that I have shame and blame, OK! Triple bagger! 
Shock numbs the pain! Shock numbs the pain! 
That's shock! That's all just shock! 
Shock's ugly cousin 
They do, OK? I feel remorse, so I'm on like, I'm operating on like an emotional and a physical pain, you're just feeling the physical pain! 
No way man! I'm in way worse shape than you! I would kill to just have shock! 
All shock and no pain make you a dull you, man! 
I'd kill for just shock..... 
You're a small, small man! 
[Normal tone] Yeah.... I guess I'm just bored. Come on, let's get up. 
Nah, no rest for the weary. Let's go. One time! 
Hey Jake, if you wanted to hang out tonight - 
Well if you did, I can't cos I'm taking a rock climbing class. 
But, if you wanna hang out tomorrow - 
I can't either. 
Cos I'm taking a cruise around Manhattan, so.... 
We could do it Thursdayyyyy... yeahh right! Haha! Unless you actually wanted to take the ice sculpting  
Cos I love to learn, I love to yearn and most of all I love to make money. 
Yeah so did I. Tried to, failed, no big deal. It's not like you noticed. 
Spent or saved? 
21,000 dollars. 
But I've saved 40,000 which means I've made - 
- 100,000. 
Ok, this is an assault on my character. 
You're just jealous that you haven't signed up for dailydizzydinkydeals.com. With deals this dinky, dizzy,  
No, it is my fault, I thought of the slogan. It's my cousin's site. 
With deal... ok with dinky deals this daily, no with daily deals di-is oh fu-! Ah! It's like... no, it's once you  
Yeah I know, and I freakin' lost the lockbox too, so the metaphor doesn't hold. Don't say that the slogans  
Says the guy who dropped out of college! 
Cary! 
What? I said -  
I was mad. 
I won't do that. 
I - 
Yeah. 
Ok then, I won't say it anymore. 
You don't get it man, ok? These deals are so dinky and daily that every... ok... every daily dinky deal this  
How about this, ok? With daily deals this dinky you'll drop out of college. 
Yeah you dropped it. You dropped out. Dropped out of school. 
Come on man, come back. Hey! I was- Don't. Thursday 
--Hey have you seen my underwear? 
I'm naked under here! 
(suddenly appearing standing up beside them, almost yelling) I HAVE ADD. 
I have ADD, ADHD, rage. 
She said she had ADD, right? 
(southern accent) Welcome down to the Jake and Amir barbecue. Things are getting- 
(interrupting) What? 
(sighs) My God, look at that! Look at it! 
That guy's being so reckless with his roller bag. 
He's not even keeping an eye on the roller. Like, ehe! 
'Cause I'm passionate about a lot of things, OK man, and suitcase theft aint one of 'em. 
Usually not, but like, ahh, I really feel like I gotta teach that guy a lesson or something. 
Well I know enough to spell suitcase, Ok and that guy's not treating his with any respect. 
Swy, U, I, D, K, A, A, Y, C, E! 
Ok, if I can jack that guy's suitcase will you admit that I'm right? 
About (brief pause) everything! 
That cool cat thinks he can hot dog. 
I'm about to go kangaroo jack his roller backpack. (chuckles) 
Shh! 
Sneak attack! 
Hey, Ok, you just failed the reckless test, sir, that's right I could've jacked this if you weren't keeping a close eye on it. 
Why? So you can just turn a blind eye to all your belongings? What's in there? Open it up! 
Alright. Just (brief pause) cool it! 
I won't. If you promise me, you gotta promise me, right now, that you're gonna- 
I'm going. Alright, I'm going to fuck myself, sir, but you gotta admit- 
You learned a lesson- 
Lesson learned, right, hey! (to Jake) You takin' notes here? Ya fat cow! 
What? Whatever. 
(Turning around, dropping cash) What-ever, I said! (Reaches for bag again) Sneak attack, number two. 
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoah- 
Oh-ho, yeah. 
(Singing The Pink Panther theme song) 
It's The Pink Panther theme! 
(Unrolling film) Not that you care. 
(Takes film and wraps it around the book) Not a scrapbook, okay?  A memory book. 
Ohhhhhh (Covers the 'Scrap' part of the "Scrapbook" title with his hand) 
Okay, sorry for tying to commemorate your three year, five month, nine week— 
anniversary! 
(Sarcasm)  Ouuu 
(Sarcasm) Big whoop. 
Photoshop. 
It's funny. 
(Making Su-Fi hand sign) The Dane Train!  ((Puts hand down) Haha (Brings hand up) Su-fi.  
Alright, keep flipping and you'll find yourself a chapter two 
Basically, me in the background of all your important life events 
Yeah. 
That's at Chili's too. 
Yeah, LaGuardia. 
Look at that nice pink dress. 
What? 
(Laughs nervously) ...What? 
So don't do it.  (More nervous laughter) 
(Panic) I-k-k-k-k-know, but it's not worth it.  
No! (Throws film cap at Jake and misses) Hey! 
N-N-N-N-N-NO, NO! 
(Facepalming) NO! 
(Takes palm off face) Is that a question or? 
So you're just done? 
You must be a clock, 'cause you're watching, Jake and Amir! [Laughs] That made sense! 
'Cause you had to take a shit? I mean, like, I'm not gonna keep track.... 
No idea! But in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night! 
Truman show.... 
Not gonna do it! [Laughs] 
Yeah, I AM a weak ass nerd. 
I just didn't wanna switch it up to something [shrugs] unpopular. 
OK, yeah, it was at the time! 
Fortune favors the bold! 
Rest assured.... 
Nah.... they don't.... 
Glue. 
I need the huevos, man! I'm sorry, but I still needed 'em! Check the pic! 
OH, barely... 
Hey bud, good news, bad news. Which one you want first? 
Well no news is good news so we'll start with the bad. My dad is pissed at us, and this time, it is earned. 
OK, but the good news is he doesn't have a reason to be as pissed as he is. 
He's steaming like hot shit on a plate of ice, but the good news is- 
The good news is he don't matter, cause we don't care. 
You should, because he's mostly pissed at you. 
Well, you were kind of a bitch to his mom in that letter you wrote that I wrote for you. 
Tell that to my dad. 
I wouldn't, not right now atleast, he probably wouldn't even talk to you, because he's sorta paying out of pocket for that whole giraffe rental thing. 
Tell that to my dad, man. 
Sorry, but you gotta take a hit on that, ok? 
Untrue! ok i'm taking a hit on the duck thing, the high school track fiasco thing, and the second duck thing. 
No way, because the orphanage thing, that wasn't even my idea. 
Well, it kinda stemmed from the first duck thing which, correct if i'm wrong you said you'd take the hit on. 
No, I said the second duck thing. 
Listen man, we're in this together right now ok, our lives are like we're intertwined. 
Is that from Venezuela? 
Yeah that's Venezuela. laughs He's a transvestite bouncer at bar we, let's just say we burned it down last night. 
We burned it down last night. 
Very wrong, the second duck thing. 
OH woah woah woah ok- 
It's fine it's fine it's fine! 
You're watching Jake and Amir, (in bad witch voice) my pretties.   
I'm a witch!   
Ok, I thought I handled myself with gravity and poise.   
Ok, she was loving it.   
Yeah, that's what you get for investing in cock futures. 
Woah woah slow down I wasn't listening.   
What's the difference? 
Woah woah slow down!   
Second WHAT!   
Yeah, which got a huge laugh. 
So why doesn't Obama just like cut a check and call it a day?   
Oh a trillion. Which is?   
Right. Which is? 
Got it. (Amir attempts to throw a chicken nugget into his mouth but misses) 
I'm a coward and a fool! .. I feel like the word staunch was co opted by the right, I mean like you can be a staunch Republican, but you can't be a staunch Democrat? like who made those rules —  (Jake interrupts)   
I don't interrupt you, ok, I don't interrupt your stand ups so don't interrupt mine, sorry but..   
Name one time I interrupted you.   
Name one time! 
I feel like we don't need money if everyone just decided to use..(Jake interrupts)   
[Tickles Jake] Are you ticklish?   
I'm a member.   
[Holding up a 100$ bill and trying to burn it with a lighter while Jake tries to stop him] Alright come on, just let go man.   
Yeah, that's why I keep my money in a freaking box, man.   
Yeah, well didn't you lose money this year?   
.. and in 2008?   
Well my box didn't depreciate in value, ok, I actually made more money investing in Nothing [laughs].   
Here's a quiz.. I lost it.   
Yeah, which felt like like a second on my end.   
For like a second on my end.   
Borat, yeah. Ok, so how do you know so much?   
How do you actually know so much?   
Yeah.. Comedy shows. 
A thumbtack, relax. 
What are Amir's? 
Okay. Lemme just grab my lunch. 
Why not? 
Yeah, left it on my desk. 
Yeah it is, I left it there. 
Come on, this isn't funny anymore. 
Let go of me, man! Lemme go get my lunch! 
What are you talking about? What happened to it? What happend to it?! 
No. No! No way. No, no no fuck me. 
You can't get me new nuggets, man! Okay, those were dark meat, thigh meat. I bought in 1998 wholesale before they were  
Don't tell me what's important. Who did this? 
Is that my nuggets in there? Is that my nuggets in there?! 
Just taking back what's rightfully mine. 
You know what? No. Kinda just mostly tasted like puke. 
In your dreams, sweetheart. 
I know. 
..I'm plancking 
You're not respecting me.. 
Respect the planck Sir, or I'll make you walk it.. 
..meetee 
Gnarrr! 
tsaahh! touch me again and i'll scream 
Wow, okay someone's laughing 
It's not that funny, well maybe it is, I don't know ,I don't have a good vantage point 
Yeah, your sense of humor.. hahahha 
Here's a party tip, Y'all just committed a party foul, you're all arrested for disturbing the planck 
I'm owling okay, you never said jack about owling 
You just dug your own grave 
Well great Paul, thanks for throwing me under the bus 
That one was unpurpose, okay and I'm sorry.. jesus lighten up! 
Is she laughing? ..she's laughing. 
(Singing) You're watching Jake and Amir. 
Theme song! 
So. 
Another day— 
—at the races lemme finish. 
Thanks, but no thanks. I'd rather take my chances with the lung murmur, and the spleen thingamajig, and my third and fourth  infected nipple. 
You know what the big issue is? I have a fear of commitment. As in I can't commit—to getting a shot. 
I'm not a pussy! 
Okay, let me put it this way 
Answer the question. 
Would you let a doctor buttf**k you? 
I wasn't gonna take the risk! Okay, that's why I flew over the cuckoo's nest! You're looking at one Get out of Jail Free tard  [sic]. And guess what? This one? It's for real. 
What? 
Yeah, it's for real! 
Yeah. 
I'm not gonna let some quack in a van hack me up in a can for fifty bucks. No way, that's not me, okay? And this one's for real. 
It's for real, yeah. 
Okay. 
Okay well, Tranlyn comes in with a fricking t— 
Try not—try not 'perating—or noperting on me—he's not operating— 
—try not-perat— 
I'm gonna get there, okay! 
I'm gonna nail it! How's that for funny? 
I was gonna nail it. 
Right. 
Okay, well I'm sorry I'm not good with wordplay right now, but I'm kinda... I'm bleeding out, man. 
I faked the anesthesia! Yeah! I blew into the tube instead of sucking in, alright? First sign of a cut I start squealing like a  pig in the mud. 
I'm down to yell Gotcha!, but turns out it hurt like a bleach. So the yolk's on me, and this time— 
Exactly right. So I start picking out the IVs, right, squirting blood on the one get well card that I made for myself. How  embarrassing is that? Then I leap out of the chair, knock Tranlyn's head together with a nurse's, they're concussed, and I hop out of  the van unscathed. 
I'm a little bit scathed, okay. But once I get this (Lifts up his gown to show a cut in his side) thing closed up, I'll be fine. 
Hee hee hee hee! 
I can't hear you! 
What's up? 
Oh yeah. 
What? 
You know how you're always telling me to blend stuff? Like, blender!. 
Blend! Blend this! 
I'm listening! 
It's healthy. 
French fries, chicken nuggets, bacon, low-fat Häagen-Dazs, and oh yeah—a dollop of mayo. (Puts a dollop of mayo in the blender)  This is gross to some. 
Do it in the blender! 
It's funny, if you would have told me three years ago that I'd be here, blending—I would have burnt you at the stake for being a  witch. But, you would have been right. 
Bottoms up. 
I'm good. 
That was kosher. 
I'm blind. 
I'm blind, yeah, it got, like, darker and blurrier the more I drank, and then by the end—I'm blind, 100%! 
I thought it was a gimmic or something! 
What's the point, I can't frikking see! 
How? 
Don—have you left yet? 
It's fine, okay? I can see! I got my vision back by the time you got over here. 
I wanted to see if you were gregarious. Ohhh! Turns out? Ya were. 
We puked! Who saw us puke? 
Hey you're watching J-A-K--- 
--Say it, I know, I'm going to. 
That's right, and all proceeds.. go to me! (laughs) 
(to Jake) What- you promised! 
I'm- Not yet, but I was gonna make ya! (tickles Jake) 
So it wasn't perfect. 
AKA, he's bad at his job! 
I will relax, but.. somebody's getting spanked! 
Yeah, and yet every single one of you hates it. How do you think that makes us feel?-- 
Cuz,- I'm insecure. 
Hhhh. So you just agree with me, right? Is that what everybody's saying behind my back, that I'm insecure? 
(to the cameraman) Hey boy, what's your social security number, huh? Because I wanna know why you can't get the frame right! 
I wanna get started, but I wanna know why homeboy over here can't do his job! 
No, my job is to bring the ruckus. 
No, your job is to promote the special, ok; my job is to bring the ruckus! 
Ruckus, yeah. 
(to the cameraman) Boy? Last four digits of your soc' (pronounced sOHsh), right now; I'm gonna st- I'm gonna jack your I.D.! 
(sarcastically, with air quotes) Yeah, group effort. (laughs) 
(sarcastically) Yeah, ok-- 
(to the cameraman) Hey boy? Can you zoom in on this? (holds up a middle finger) Or zoom in on this, huh! (lifting his pelvis up off the couch and holding his extended middle finger up next to it) You're holding up the process! 
(to Jake, in a whiny voice) He held it up first, he didn't say jack! Now I'm bringing the ruckus, and it's a big deal! 
(to Jake) EEgh! (buzzer sound) Time's up, Jon Bon Joovi, ok! Why don't you let a real pro handle it? 
(to the camera) So download thz-- Aerrh, So download th-- blalbl-Ah-blalblalblablah-- 
GET the VDD t-eblalblalbla-- Get the VDDdiday, eheh sorry, from the top? 
GET the VDD zalblalblalbla. I keep on saying deblalblalblalblalblalbblal-- 
(bouncing) GET the DVD-- elblalblalblalbla. Get the VDD d-blalblalblalblalblallea I keep on saying eblalblalblalblalbLEAh. 
So get the VDD-- blalblalblalbl. (mocking himself speaking too quickly, to Jake) Get the VDdllelblebl. Get the Vedleblebl. No, three, two, one 
So GET the VDd-edledlahh. Sorry. GET the DVD-- Gah! GET the VDD d- nonono, getthevdidididi (laughing) I'm like eahlealhl, mouth's talking a mile a minute, ok (grabs Jake's arm and shushes him) SHH! SHH! Three, two-- 
So get the VDDdiday, aelahdi, GET the DVDdiday, (laughing) EhuelahalDIDEDEDEDH, I'm like ewlelelblelelelblAHAh,- three, two, one:-- 
So GET the VDDdiday, aelelblehl sorry, Get the DVD d- It sounds like a DIDIDIDIDIDDE, it's like a DIDIDIDID, Sorry,- three, two,-- 
DIDIDIDIDIDEL-- 
So GET the VDDdiday, saelhedlidledla, GET the DVDtiday, kizitidididid-it sounds like a machine gun-diDIdididididay. (grabbing Jake's arm) Sorry, three, two, one:-- 
--Tideh-- 
(much more calmly and slowly) Get the VDD t- WOW. 
GET the DVDdiday! (to Jake) kidizayAh, I dunno, it's- just doesn't sound right-- 
--Sound! Yeah I know, but I'm trying to-- 
--thay. GidiDVDdiday. It sounds like a (mimes shooting a machine gun) GIDIDIDIDAY! Let me say it the way I wanna say it. (to the camera) Get the VDD- WOW. Three, two, one: Get the VDD-- (looks as though he's going to slam his hand down on the couch in frustration) 
Ki- ThreeTwoOne, (puts his hand on Jake's arm) Get the VDD t- sorry. ThreeTwoOne-- 
Still not a mess-up, keep rolling-- 
(to Jake) I'm only messing up to make you feel not as bad. (to the cameraman) Ok can I have the script, please, boy? 
Yeah well I feel pretty bad! (to the cameraman) Boy (snaps), script, please! 
(to Jake) Hhh, there's no real s- okay, (to the cameraman) Failure! You're a failured. 
You asked me to do this! 
I know!...who were you talking to then? 
You mean this file cabinet? 
You said Egg Box. You said did you get into his Egg Box yet. And no I didn't get into his Egg Box cause I think you welded it shut with that little torch of yours. 
(frustrated) I know; and I was trying to tell you that it wasn't locked. 
(growing more irritated) Why do you think that!? What do you think that? 
(resorting to hitting the desk) It wasn't locked man, remember! Uhhh...you're haha; you're really frustrating today, Rick Fox. Like it's cool that you come by, cause like you're tall and like- 
Famous. Ah, but uh, i-it's a little too much right now-ha. 
Lunch? 
What!? What are you...(covers mouth) Mmmm. Ok, you're starting to freak me out. Do you remember like five minutes ago you tied up Jake and locked him in the supply closet? (Rick Fox tries to recall said event) 
Why'd you steal his clothes by the way? 
I guess... 
Ok. 
Ok you're the one who told me to bet on all those NBA games, man, remember!? And then you're like oh the NBA's locked out this season (Rick Fox plays the world's smallest violin), so all those bets are an instant loss! 
By the way, there might not be any eggs in here, ok; let alone, I think you said, all the eggs in the world. So. Just trying to temper your expectations, ya know? (Rick Fox angerly pushes Amir down) Oh! 
Yeah, uh, I don't know what that means.  
Usually, yeah, but not the way you mean it with the c-hand and the eyeeeees! Hah. 
What? 
You married a chicken? 
You said you married- 
I do listen. I heard what you said; you said you married- 
(while Rick Fox hits the Egg Box) You said you married- 
I'm so sorry. 
Oh God. 
Oh no. 
Oh! 
(opens door to the supply closet where Jake is still tied up, half naked) Hey, sorry- 
Then we agree...to disagree...about agreeing. Oh! 
I know. 
Yeah.  
It's..an album. And it's a film.  
When you ask like that, definitely, okay? Besides, we give little bonuses to incentivize donations.  
If you're not cracking up right now, you've never seen the Chapel Show, okay? Like, that's it.  
You're being a bitch, right.  
You're a real artist? 
You're looking to self-publish a book of poetry n style.  
Whoa, Streeter just donated money to my Kickstarter.  
(gasps) A hundred dollars. Wow, okay, ey, this is for you. (hands Streeter a taco) 
Yeahh. 
Hey, guess what you're watching Jake and Ami-- 
Oh, yeyeyeah. 
Holy shit you're wearing earrings. 
Why did you do that? 
I didn't say I didn't like it. I just said why are you doing that. 
What happened? 
Someone yelled at you on the bus this morning? 
You know they're actually kinda fly. 
Six weeks? 
Hold on a second, I'm trying to write down how to be cool, but you're talking too fast! 
Heh! 
Eena.. pussy? 
That's a lot of changes, man. 
Facial hair? 
Your cousin? 
But you kissed your cousin though. 
So the easiest night to get in, not including Monday-- 
Being cool sounds hard, maybe I'm just not cut out for it. 
I thought they were cool! 
Ok, what do you guys know about being cool, I bet you've never even kissed your cousin at Crimson, huh? Tell 'em Jake! 
Now, let a real maestro try it. 
Okay. 
Costume number one. 
Pros 
(like John Wayne) This one's pretty playful, partner, but I'm worried it's too masculine. 
Sure, this costume is a little corny...but I like it.  (Amir does a weird laugh, like a cackle) 
Sorry, can you talk into my good ear. (Amir does the cackle laugh again) 
Okay, well, it's freaking dark in that closet, man.  I can't see anything. 
I'm one cock-a-doodle-dude. 
What?! 
Oh, f**k me! 
Boo!! Uh heh heh. 
AUGH! I'M GONNA DIE!! 
This one's a little corny...but I like it. 
What??  No!  No! 
Peas?? I'm peas! 
You've just been diagnosed with bein' a bitch. 
Yeah, I might be a little corny - 
-but I like it. 
What costume? Okay, this is my shirt. 
Nooo, it's not. 
(sounding like he's proving Jake wrong) Ohhhh  (suddenly realizes he's wearing a dress) Oh. 
Let me suck your chocolate! 
You...don't tell me to freakin' relax. 
What are you talking about? 
Oh, no!  I thought I was an ear of butter! 
You're watching Jake and Amir... on television! 
WHY NOT? 
Hey, are we okay? 
You and me. Are we okay? 
Just... There's been, like, yeah, fighting and tension between us for the past, like, um... five years. I want to know if we're kosher. 
We're good? 
Yeah, this is like—this is exactly what I'm talking about; like, this tension. I can't—yeah, I don't know. I just wanna know straight up, once and for all, point-Matt-LeBlanc, are we great? 
Cool. 
(inhaling) ...Cool. It's, yeah... (pause) Can do. [Amir chuckles.] 
What? 
(shaking head) Eh... (pause) Uhh— 
I'm just saying that I won't be able to work unless I know that we're good. 
Whoa, now we're cool, okay? 
You're brushing me off, and that's fine, okay, if we're good, then that's fine. 
After work. After—when is after work? That doesn't mean anything, okay; if I—if I left it up to you, you'll keep pushing it and pushing it and pushing, and we'll never talk about if we're okay or not. 
Humor me. Okay, talk to me now, huh? Talk to me now. We can talk after work; doesn't mean we can't talk now! 
Talk to me. 
How good are we, huh? You think we're good? How good are we? Put your money where your mouth is. Tell me how good we are. 
(sniffs) Wanna know what I think? 
I think we're awful. 
Just kidding. I think we're great; what do you mean, Me too? What was that? I said, Just kidding, but before I did that, you said, Me too, when I said we were awful. 
(smiling) You were kidding too. 
(chuckling) Time to seal the deal! [Amir gets up to embrace Jake.] 
Y'know, I wasn't even sure that we were good, but you reassured me every step of the way! 
And if you would've told me two minutes ago that we'd end that conversation in a hug, especially one like this that we both like equally, no way in hell, bruh; I would've called you a coward and a fool. 
Yeah, and I know we would never let go unless we felt that this hug came to a natural end— 
Ow! You accidentally hurt my neck. 
It says employees must wash hands, OK? Employees. Last time I checked, I don't work here.  
(to barista) Hey, I will have two Jack and diets and what do you want?  
(gibberish over Jake) I'll have two Jack and diets, a vodka cran and what do you want? 
What is this? Prohibition? OK, just give me a shot, you bitch.  
OK, get this. I walked in here with an itty-bitty waist and a round thing in my face, OK? And you know I got sprung, so I wanted to pull up tight and-- 
--I noticed that, what? 
By the way, the girl before us got two shots. Two. Don't think I didn't notice that.   
OK. Whatever. I'll take it. Anything to take the edge off.  
Taxes.  
No, I just found out about them and it's kind of stressing me out. Do you guys know what's up? OK, Uncle Sam doesn't even put lube on before he fucks us-- 
I'll take that too. Actually make mine a room with coke. It's got to be 9AM somewhere.  
It's nickel beer night. 
Will you be my girlfriend? 
OK, you know what? We can pay with cash, credit or break dancing.  
(hopping about) Here we go. (throws himself on floor, change clattering everywhere, trying his best to 'break dance') 
Oh. (popping up by Jake again, holding neck) Ahh, OK, hey. Cash is fine, unless you like that. 
(to Jake) Do you have five dollars?  
Hi Mom! Ahahaha 
Bye mom. 
Oh, this is rich! (Clapping slowly, laughing, standing up) Okay, this is rich! Slow clap, huh? (Looking around) Slow clap for Rosie, huh? Hey, headphones off people! (awkwardly laughs) ...or on. Uh, yeah. (defeatedly shakes his head, sits down) 
Everyone's pissy. 
What did I do? 
(interrupts) Allow me to read an email from one Jeff Rosie Rosenburg. (mockingly reads an email) 'Hey guys, just a heads up. (Amir laughs) I have an appointment this afternoon and I'm cutting out around four.' (claps and laughs) Brava! But your lie has failed. Is anyone else crying bullshit on this? 
You're not going anywhere until you tell everybody in this office where you're headed and don't do it yet, because I want a front seat. 
Where ya going today, good sir? 
(laughs, shoves popcorn in his mouth) And why, pray tell, are you going to the therapist? 
The plot thins! (laughs) Hey why didn't you say so in the email, okay? Instead of making me come over here and force it out of you like I'm some sort of hero. 
Yeah, you're making me look like a chump though! Okay, I wouldn't do that to you! 
Okay, everybody, take a knee. Rosie has an apology to say to me. And... to everyone here if he's NUT enough! 
(shoves popcorn in his mouth) I have to power through! Is this hair even real? (yanks on Rosie's ponytail) Okay... Sorry. 
Nah nah nah nah! Nah nah nah nah! Hey, hey hey! Good (pauses) 
NIGHT! 
(grabs Jake) LET'S GO SOX! 
MANNY RAMIREZ! (laughs) 
Okay. 
(sings part of Baseball, Charge! theme) Charge! (pretend swings bat) The 2030 Chicago White Sox are your ALCS MVPs! 
..What? 
(laughing) 
Yeah, there is a way, my way, guaranteed.  
Wow, Okay 
That is tough 
(laughing) Alright let me touch person 2's hips 
WHAT? 
We didn't say no hip touching.  
UGH 
(chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch 
(chanting) pay the bitch 
(chanting) pay the bitch 
Get over it, Jake! 
(chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch 
(chanting) Pay the bitch 
(chanting) Pay the bitch, pay the bitch 
Hello my fellow astronaut accountants. I've been under Jake's... uhh.... Ace's desk for the past three hours. 
Boom! Oh... Hello Ace. It is I... Jocelyn.   
Well, if you got the time, then I got the shirt to show you.  
Who do you think would wear this shirt, Jake... - Ace? 
I didn't, I said Ace! Who do you think would wear this shirt?  
No. Other people too.  
The chillest.  
Thank you for wearing the shirt by the way, my friend.  
Awesome shirt, Ace. Where'd you get it?  
Bustedtees.com? That sounds like a pretty sick space site.  
With a great deal! 
With low prices.  
Ok, stop being a bitch and play along for half a second 
The only thing that's a steal here are these low prices.  
Ow no! Ow! Stop hugging... me... Ace!  
Jocelyn.  
Sorry, yeah.  It's fine, my nose is just bleeding from the high altitude and low prices heh... ow... that hurts.  
Rolling! 
Just start! 
With emotion! 
Ok, great.  
I got that, Ace. I got that.  
Here we go... oh ah ah ah ah! Hmm... early. I'll start on that. Ok, 3... 2... 1... oh ah ah ah ah! DAMNIT! Ok, forget it.  
N-n-no don't say my name; it's only from you! 
Ta daaaa! 
Uh...okay, so before you freak out, I-I just remembered that you said you had no place to go for Thanksgiving, so I figured, "what the heck?  Let's have Thanksgiving in the office", huh?  Just us  two. 
I know, I know, I know, I know!  It's not (air quotes) "Thanksgiving" yet and it's not even dinner time!   
So whadayou say, huh?  We could eat, bicker like a real family, what hell, I'll even say grace!  (Joins hands together to pray) 
But, it's not uncooked. 
What do you mean? 
How? 
Oh it's...yeah. 
(Single clap)  That's what I'm talkin' about!  Let's cook this bird!  (Picks up turkey) 
Yeah, it's blood. 
Yeah, the 9th floor; there's microwave up there.  Let's nuke this spruce goose!  (Chuckles) 
What are you talking about,  Man?  Come on, get outta the way. 
Umm... (Swallows and looks at the turkey)  No, no, no, not this year. 
What? 
What are you doing?!  (Runs to the door) 
What?!  Why?! 
I really thought you were about to invite me. 
What?!  No I-no I don't okay, it's all bad, it's all bad except for the yams. 
No, I don't wanna eat the yams; I don't like yams! 
(Whining) I don't wanna eat the yams!  I don't like the yams!  (Jake and Amir fist pound through the glass and Jake leaves)  I don't like yams, Jake! I wanna come over!  Now I have to eat the yams!  Now, I gotta eat 'em!  The yams!  Of all things to eat, I'm stuck with yams! 
(Leaning head against glass door)  I hate yams. 
Would you rather eat a baby - or get eaten by a giant baby? 
Really? Why? 
Okay, I'd rather get eaten by a giant baby! Cuz' I'd love to see what a giant baby looks like. I think he looks like you! (tickles Jake) 
Would you rather share your studio apartment with a horder or a whore? 
What? Okay why, why? (lively) 
I would chose a whore because; Horders, it's too much. It's like, I get it with the sinks and the dishes that's fine I'm a cool room-mate. But with the boxes and the envelopes it's starting to be like 'I don't wanna live in a post office.' (laughs and claps Jake's leg) What did you, what did you say? A whore? 
Would you rather make an obscene phonecall to your mother once a week or get a text message every time your father is feeling horny? 
Why is that? Okay why is that? 
Ooh, the phonecall you have to actively do, okay. I feel like all your answers sort of follow this logical path and I think I'm on board with you.  I would rather... (gets innterupted by Jake) 
Would you rather blow up a cow with dynamite from a distance or wring a chicken's neck with your bare hands? 
Why is that? 
Yeahyeah... a little bit more removed - I'd rather blow up a cow from the distance because I have already wrung a chicken's neck. 
I've done it to a chicken, a rooster... 
Yeah and uh.. the dynamite was not strong enough so.. if given the opportunity I would like to blow up a cow from a distance. 
Would you rather stand up when everybody sitting down or sit down when everybody is standing up? Think about that. What would you rather do? You're in a , okay you're in a board room, right? Everybody's sitting. You gotta stand. You're in a funeral. Everybody standing you gotta sit. Which one would you rather do? 
Hah! Stand when everyone's sitting? Why is that? (laughs) 
(at the gas station) (speaking to the machine) One gas please!    
Hey, one second! (speaking to the machine) One gas please.. To go or to stay?    
I wanted you to think I was cool.    
Hey, sorry I'm not a (air-quoting) genius.     
Here's a riddle, how many dillweeds does it take to pump a tank?    
Two.    
(taking a picture of Jake) Oh that's one for the scrapbook hahaha. Two helpless bozos at the gas station.    
Alright, I'm gonna get snacks. What kind of jerky do you want?    
I'm good, thank you.    
I'm fine, relax...    
(holding a jerry can of water)    
That got us dehydrated, man.    
Pull over please, I got a whizz.    
Make videos. 
Is it? 
Uh, one day, we're gonna- 
One day we're gonna look back and laugh about this is all I was gonna say. 
Ooh, let's play the license plate game. 
I see one from New York. 
(to driver) Hey, buddy, can we speed up a little? Okay, we aint gettin' any younger back here. 
Yeah, and I'm really nice not to be (raising voice) screaming about how slow we're going! 
I am, (simultaneously, in high-pitched whine) now I'm screaming. I'm screaming now because I'm upset! That doesn't mean that I'm screaming. Yeah, I'm only trying to scream because you're getting me pissed! 
(holding Mad Libs) Okay, let's just play Mad Libs. Or as I call them, Happy Libs 'cause they make me (simultaneously) cum. 
(short pause) Happy! 
Alright, I need a number. 
Ooh. You should've said 69, it would've been a lot funnier. 
You, you, you, you, you! I'm gonna write 69 for now though 
I spy with my little eyes something beige.  
Yeah, they were. 
As a joke! 
(to driver) Whoa, look out, tire! 
(laughs) Oldest trick in the book. 
(singing) Ya take one down and pass it around. 
Think I'm gonna take a cat-nap. 
(resting head on Jake's shoulder) Meow! 
(snorts) I know, right? 
It's how he jokes, look at this. 
Yeah, I know. 
He's a meanie. (to phone) You're mean! 
(reading) Plane talk 
I once failed a driving test, a blood test, and a personality test at the same frickin time. 
I failed for eating a fat cock-meat sandwich right during the session. 
Also, I stabbed the therapist in the eye with a tack! And I'd do the same to you! 
What? 
Yeah, pfft. 
That's funny. 
Me too. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, ya dopehead! (laughs) 
I don't know. 
You don't even care that today's my half birthday. 
So I was right! 
I didn't ask for anything. 
Aaah, no! 
He didn't! 
(screams) 
Oh my god, let me see that rock, girl! Damn! Did you win the Super Bowl or get engaged! 
Ok, ok, aaah! Tell me everything! 
Mhm. 
(laughs) Yeah. 
Cheryl's getting married. 
Cheryl is one of my oldest friends. 
Don't worry, we're still besties.  
You fucking prick. 
Yeah I'm trying to, but you treat me like such shit sometimes. 
I want you out of my life. 
Pussy, take the stuff please, pussy, because I'm really starting to get sad now, pussy. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Ami-- urp. 
I hiccuped food. 
BOOOO-RIIINNNGGGG] 
!!!!!!] 
======))~~~~~] 
======= )~~~~~] 
(That's a dick.)] 
LOOK at ME] 
LOOOK AT MEEEE!!!!!] 
I made a face  
 
This relationship isn't working out. Congrats.] 
Congrats. You just ruined this. Look at me. Because its over.] 
Text me back or I'm gonna call you out for being a bitch.] 
Jake's a bitch. 
Congrats. You just made a fool of me.] 
That is for you to suck on.] 
Suck on it.] 
SPANKED!!!!!!!!!!!!] 
Epic SPANK!!!!!] 
YOU GOT SPANKED] 
That is my dicks sorry face. As in SORRY you got SPANKED!!!!!] 
Get out, bitch. 
Hey, your watching Jake. 
Well I'm only watching you. 
(videotaping Basilio doing parkour) Ohhh yeah boy! 
Hey wanna see something amazing? 
Ahhh! Danger of missing that cupcake! (laughs) 
How'd you like to be famous on YouTube? 
Bull spit. Hey, that's my friend Basilio, okay? He's a professional parkour-doer-guy-thing. 
Ahhhhh! (grabs Jake) 
Hey, you think that's good? 
Read it and weep! 
(hands Jake the camera) Hold that. (Amir tries to do a flip, runs into the wall, and falls on the ground) Oh ganked that! False start, unless, did I stick it? I didn't get a good vantage point of it. 
I don't know, maybe. It just... Basilio says that you lose yourself in the zone, right? You get into like this zone and you just sort of can't really tell what's going on anymore, so maybe I stuck it and I just wasn't aware. 
No, I think I did it. I think I stuck the landing too, which is the hardest part, right B? 
It's a great thing in parkour, it's a great thing to say that. 
What do you know, man, okay? You don't know jack. It is! 
Yeah, well he's a little bitch that knows less about parkour than you do! (groans with pain) 
Okay, freestyle walking is all about self expression! 
Small price to pay for landing it square. Help me up! 
And Amir. 
Did you? 
Hey dude, will you check out my album? 
You didn't even let me finish! 
Will you just give my album a listen and let me know what you think? 
I, yeah, it's just that I spent like a bad amount of money recording this album and I really wanna know what your opinion is because I respect it... Not! 
(starts crying) Nononononono what? Oh my God, I was kidding, okay? It's like a 'Not' joke, and you're crying about it! How is that- 
Please just let me know what you think, okay? Just give it a listen and tweet about it, then maybe, like, Facebook about it, blog about it, Tumble about it. 
That's the least you can do, okay, after I spent, like, a bad amount of money recording it. 
Okay, ignore me, huh? Ignore (plays album) this! 
Right? 
This is shit! Oh my God, if they botched the entire thing I'm gonna be pissed. 
No, this is just what track number one sounds like. I'm just... If the rest of it sounds like this I'm gonna be pissed because I spent, like, 
I spent a bad amount of money on it. 
It's like the worst amount. 
(on album) Yo, alright, here we go, here we go, here we go, yo! Oh, okay. Turn my mic up, actually. Can you turn my mic up? I spent, like, a bad amount of money for this recording session, and my mic isn't even up! 
(turns album off) Good question. It's called Chillin' in the Streets 
Oh, now you give a shit! For two minutes it's just radio silence, and all of a sudden I give you some credit - one iota, not too much, just enough - and you come out of the wood works. Well guess what? 
I don't know, man. I don't know what I'm gonna say- 
Wanna know the worst part? 
-That I spent a bad amount of money! 
Who has two thumbs and you're watching Jake and Amir? 
Nooo.   
(Checks laptop)  Oh no!  (Slams elbows on desk) 
Do you get this e-mail even? 
(interrupts and imitates Jake) What e-mail?  Look then if you don't know.  Don't ask me a question; be proactive, check it out— 
Secret Santa e-mail, okay? 
Secret Santa, huh?  More like Secret Not. 
Oh this is the worst day of my life since last year's Secret Santa e-mail. 
Do you even know what Secret Santa is? 
Okay, I'm gonna stop you right there. 
(Gestures towards Jake) C-Can I? 
What? 
(Continues to gesture towards Jake and tilts head up) Can I talk? 
Give a gift realize there are children starving in Africa right now, right?  And I'd rather punch them all in the face than have to give a shitty ass co-worker a shitty ass gift. 
Don't sign up.  Ah haha!  That's great! Except for then I wouldn't get (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift!  I wouldn't get (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift And I  want (slams fists on desk for emphasis) a gift!  I just don't want to give (slams fists on desk for emphasis) one. 
Whatever, Man, I'll just giftwrap a piece of garbage and give it to an employee, I don't care. (Begins to cry) 
(Sarcasm) Wow. 
Almost 30!  
I know, I know. 
I'm starving! 
Thanks for calling me your baby. 
Jake. 
Jake out of a hat then. 
(Picks name out of hat) Okay, giftwrap garbage for this guy if you don't let me choose again. 
(Pulls out/Puts back different names from hat) No.  No.  No.  No. No.  No.  No. (Pauses to look at name) No.  (Picks a new name) Oh. Mmmkay.   
I can't even read the small writing, okay!?  Let me choose again or I'm gonna cry. (Begins to cry) 
Aw I'm his baby.  Gotta love me. 
Stop telling them what to do! 
Nah.  Stop!   
Bad gift!  Given by a bad man! 
A bad woman than.  A wolf in cheap clothing.  (Pulls at Jenny's shirt) 
Boo! 
She already has that! 
You do now!  She has it now!  How can you argue against that? 
She has it now! 
(Shrugs)  Jeans. 
I got excited. 
Yeah, my D, 'cause I'm tryna get it kissed. 
What? 
It's called a blumpkin, alright?  I already pooped myself so the blowy's in root.   
What about you?  You should put some mistletoe on that cameltoe, huh?  Make the girls scream ho, ho, NOOO! 
Whoa!  It's a petition signed by everyone in the office that says We want you out of our lives. 
Thank-you, thank- you!   
Whoa, a lasso!  Kinky! 
(Waves noose around)  Giggity gigitty. 
And giggity goo.  (Pulls noose over head) 
JAKE! 
You're ugly to me never. 
Why do they call it a soup kitchen? It's not a soup and it's not a kitchen. 
It's not a soup, though! 
Trust me, we're good. 
Believe you me-- 
I didn't either. 
I did too. 
Heyyy. You know I feel like soup is just a bowl full of ingredients mixed up, blended right, and served to order. 
Yeah, they can wait. 
What? 
Huh? 
What?  
What have I touched in the last week that's considered unhygienic?  
I'm low-balling it! 
Okay, I'm trying to score some extra cash on the side! You think I'm just doing this for the pussy?  
Oh come. 
No soup for you! Ahaha. I'm just kidding, though. Keep walking. 
It's a joke! It's from Jerry Seinfeld. Hey, follow me on Twitter.  
What? At me! 
I feel like this is a public shaming of me. 
If it makes you feel any better, I washed my hands in the soup.  
Right in the frickin fresh batch of split pea. How's that for a shit me? I served this country too, man! I served it soup! Huh? You wanna see my ID? It says Not Welcome!  
You sound like such a tool when you say stuff like burner, man. 
Nobody talks like that! Okay, now we have to clean up, too? How is this fair?  
Oh my god. Mr. Comeback's got an answer to all my quick little jokes, don't you? 
You're watching Jake and Amir—and now you're not. 
Fudge. 
Oh my... Oh my god! No! No! It was perfect! 
You gotta be kidding me with this! It was perfect! Unhh! 
Facebook just jumped the shark. Okay, they had a perfect game going and they overdid it! Okay, trust me, I follow a lot of design Tumblrs, so I know when I see things that are overdone, and they overdid it. 
It's different. Which means it's bad. Which means I'm pissed. Okay, the big three. 
No, I've kept quiet till now, but I'm gonna make a Facebook group about it. 
I deleted those groups! 
Newsfeed, yeah. 
It was garbage. Yeah, they jumped the shark. 
Yeah, that group was partly political. 
And guess what? It filled up. 
Straight up, they jumped the carp, when they lost the Graffiti Wall. Like... 
[In a whiny and very high-pitched voice] Yeah, Facebook jumps the frickin' shark, okay? Every time they have a perfect game going and they fricking sell out! They jump the carp! 
He started. He started charging, seven bucks a pop. 
He didn't, because enough people joined the group! 
Oh my god, the facts are in on Twitter 
[Crying] Yeah, cause it sucked! 
Garbage becomes perfect over time as you get used to the garbage and forget what made it so bad. Like, you don't get the Internet and commenting in general, so it's not even worth saying— 
Yeah, you know why? 
Cause they jumped the car—the, yeah—the shark, exactly right. 
Are you talkin' to me? 
It was fine. 
How was your break? 
Yeah, are you just sayin' that to make me jealous?  Cause it's working. 
Yeah, I wasn't home for but two minutes before the old man offers me a grilled jizz sandwich.  Curious, I say yes, and he chucks a cast iron skillet at the back of my face. 
The back of my fricken' face!  Yeah, hit me square and crack goes my weasel. 
So I say nope not this year, not again, I'm better than this, and I book it like a librarian as my dad threatens to move.  Only problem is, Uh oh, mommy's lying supine underneath my back tires threatening to sue me if I run over her head like a fricken' coconut. 
My Hanukkah wish, didn't come true cause my old man is just pushin' the hood of the car beggin' to the only god he knows to run the bitch over and I'm ridin' shotgun with my hand on the E-brake while the old maid is in the back fricken' planking underneath my back tires, kissing the pavement, begging me to fucking run her over too.  I'm crying like a coward up there right, screaming It's a set-up, it's a set-up! 
I was asking myself the same question when my dad popped a squat on the windshield of my rented Kia Sorento and tried to drop a deuce. 
Yeah! Tried.  Turns out he didn't have to go and the only thing he could muster was a little bit of pee and a shart roughly the size of a dead tadpole.  Looked like a mud-covered slug and stank like a pug.  So I flip on the old windshield wipers, throw the Sorento into drive and crash through my parents garage.  Flip a U-bang and I start humming to myself ?Silent Night?.  Only problem is I'm sad as hell. 
But I figure hey, 'tis the season who doesn't love a second chance so I swing by the mall and buy my dad a two thousand dollar watch. Yeah, a gold roly-poly for that oldy-trolly. 
Oh no is...wrong!  Yeah, turns out gold isn't his color because when I get home the entire house is gutted, empty, and there's a note on what's left of the door that says here died a happy family, RIP, thanks to you, Amir.  Can you believe that?  Callin' me out like that? Rawdoggin' me in front of my girl. 
Oh that's another thing.  I brought home a Thai whore just to show my dad that I had a mate in life. 
He means well. 
How's this for a happy ending?  New Years Eve Eve, December 39th. 
I get a call from a jail in Fresno saying that they locked my old man up and threw away the key.  I'm alone, not doing anything anyway so I toss on a wig and hoof it down to the 'No to bail his ass out.  He pretends he doesn't even recognize me, his only daughter! 
I spend another 15K trying to bail him out of that Alabam Slamma' and he tells the bailiff he'd rather rot in hell than owe that son of a bitch coward, me, a fricken' dime.  Wanna know the icing on the cake? 
Me and my dad made up and he's coming to live with me in NYC, the big crapple. 
I thought so too, but he promised to make me a grilled jizz on day one. 
Cast iron skillet, yeah, right to the back of my fricken' face.  But at least I have a dad. 
I'm talking about Pat. 
That's it, huh. No "Hi"? 
You said "hey" not "hi!" 
Whatever, right? Whatever. Isn't that what you said? 
Do you mean that? 
Thank you. 
What? 
No, I'm keeping it- 
To me, I'm like, always here, but every once in a while you just say "Oh, stop with that voice." 
[in a high voice] No that's not even- 
Okay, yeah. 
I'm starting to hear it a little bit. 
Here's a tip. Every five year old in my chapter? Yeah. Their dads are [stutters] dwwiltfs. 
Dads whose wife I'd like to fuck. 
[messily applies red lipstick to his face] Why so serious? 
Alright, cut. 
Hi. 
Create your own reality; don't wait for happiness. You know? 
Amir cookie, nice. 
It's a word of wisdom I came up with, and you're giving me jack shit for credit. 
This is sand, okay? I was eating a sand-based nut, a sandnut, so there's cookie sand all over me if that's what you're bitching about. 
Create your own reality and don't wait for happiness, okay? It is only by creating that that that that that that that joy that you can be in the zone. 
No, I said create... What I came up with was Create your own reality, and don't wait for happiness. It is by creating that that that that that that that joy that you can be in the zone. 
How's this for not sounding smart 
It was humping another beetle. 
Does it matter? 
Doesn't matter. 
Hahaha, you're talking out of your ass. 
Yeah. 
It's good. 
Told you! 
A homeless asian dwarf lady gave me like twenty of these on the way to work today. 
What is it?! 
I told you! It's a sand nut, you're not supposed to eat it, you're supposed to just read the fortune! 
You're watching Jake and Amir. We PIMP's. 
PIMP's. 
Mondays... 
Laundry day! Ooh, that was hard. 
Sorry, just that Tuesdays are my laundry day. 
Yeah, last Saturday I thought it was Sunday, turns out it was Thursday, how's that for a Tuesday? Talk about the worst Monday ever, Wednesday. 
I woke up on the right side of the bed this morning in the first time in a calender year. Spotted a pile of laundry, my laundry and dirty clothes and said haahahaa... Not today! 
That's exactly right. Then I washed it, I dried it, I folded it, and to top that o- 
I didn't fold it either, but you're not busting my chops about that are you? You know what your problem is? You bust my chops, and I love you for it. 
I'm air-drying okay? Sorry. 
I don't feel anything, Okay. I'm numb... And cold. 
I'm numb though too, numb and cold. So numb that I don't even feel how cold I am. 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's true exactly right okay. It's the first time you've ever made a point so legit that I didn't want to punch you in the tits about it. 
[Punches Jake] Changed my mind. 
Maybe becacuse you haven't even complimented me once about washing my clothes. 
I did a good job of washing it, of washing it I said. 
It's vinegar. 
It's vinegar. 
Why are you not complimenting me, okay. Just because it's vinegar it doesn't mean you're not gonna compliment me. 
[Sigh] Here come the waterworks... 
Yeah I'm waiting for you. 
You're the one who's about to. 
It's both of us, look at us crying up here like a bunch of ninnies. [Laughs] Everyone turn back, don't look at us two dudes, two grown men just sharing a beef. 
We're beefing right now. 
Yeah, we're having a beef, that's what it's called when two guys just hang out and start crying, they're giving a beef. 
We're beefing! 
We're beefing! 
We're beefing! 
We're beefing! 
We're beefing! 
I'm a beef. 
We're beefing! 
Wait wait I'm going to sneeze. 
Sorry. 
Um, no? 
Throw that suitcase away, or I'll throw you away. 
Throw me a bone. 
Why would I freak out? Okay, I just have one question... 
No. 
No. 
Hahaha, where are we going? 
Didn't need to. 
Los Angeles, what? 
I said the whole thing, what? 
Got it. 
Right, yeah, I know. 
L.A.! 
I know, you're going to L.A. 
You're still going to Los Angeles soon, right? 
Have fun.  
Um, how about no? 
No. 
No. 
No. 
Yes.  
Gotcha! 
Okay, that's it, I'm giving you a dose of the silent treatment. That is, until we're flying over El Grand Canyon together. 
Correction. I think I'm coming with ya. 
If you didn't want me to come, then you shouldn't have told me about the trip.  
Yeah, neither does this! Ten little guys with styes for eyes kicked me my ties ties (trails off, incomprehensible. Jake looks in bewilderment) 
I'm coming on the trip! 
Whoa, since when? 
Okay, we're going to laugh about this. We're going to look back and laugh when we're cruising down Hollweird Bouletard. 
I'm going to have one for every street, okay? Relax. Ventura Bouletard, Sunset Bouletard, Sepulveda Bouletard. 
Wilshire Bouletard, Avenue of the Tards  
No, its going to be funny when we're out there! It's going to be funny when we're out there together.  
(With sun glasses on again) Winning! 
(In airplane next to Jake) Deal! Haha! 
You're watching Me and Amir. 
Not for long! 
Oh! Who'd you smooch on New Year's? 
Hey. Can I get a Jack and Diet? Hold the Jack, hold the Diet, and make it a kiss. 
Of the French variety. That's no tongue! 
Special announcement! Sorry everyone. Who wants to join the mile high club? 
Sorry sir, ladies only. Mile high club, for those of you who don't know, is when we fuck in the lavatory. Sorry, just  
Oh my god, lemme open it! 
Wow, that was hard. 
No takers for the mile high club, huh? Okay let's take her down to half a mile high club, that's where you finger me in  
Lemme just sneak over you! 
No, don't get up don't get up don't get up. Don't get up don't get up don't get up. Don't get up! 
Note to you 
This magazine is dope. Sky Mall; it's dope. Sky Mall is dope! Talk to me! I'm trying to have a conversation with you! 
I'm trying to talk to you about something. Say Sky Mall is dope! Say it's dope! 
Will you just get me this USB cathair trimmer please? Okay, it's really cheap and it's really really— 
—really dope! Yeah, it's dope. 
Alright let's bring her down to cruising altitude, that's a quarter mile high club, that means we hug in the aisle, you  
Oo. Any takers? 
It's shrimp and egg yolks, relax. I bought it during my last flight in 2002, froze it, and nuked it three weeks ago. I  
I like shrimp! 
Okay great, then it looks like I'm all by my lonesome in the zero mile high club, that's where I beat off under my  
Yeah, because I got excited thinking about the quarter mile high club, huh? The hugging one. 
Hey! 
It's not illegal! 
You'll never guess where I frikking just was, man 
Hi, can I get some cranberry and vodka? Hold the cran, hold the vod, put some ice in your asscrack and sit on my  
She's probably going to get the ice now. 
You're watching Jake and Amir, and now you're not. 
Fuuudge. 
makes strange face, mumbles quietly, blows on Jakes face, clinks teacup with saucer trying to wake Jake up 
(Loudly) Our Los Angeles itinerary is as follows 
(Singing) 6 a.m, day after Christmas, I put mumbles 
(Singing loudly) She's a brick and I'm drowning slowly! 
(Still singing) Off the brick and... 
It's about a fun vacation! 
When I tell you the reason? Yeah you're gonna feel like a goose. Okay, so I urge you to back down now. 
I made you tea. It's too late, I said it, you're a jerk. 
(Laughs in a somewhat surprised way) I didn't want it to get cold! 
I knew you were gonna say that. 
Because I didn't know until you said it, and then right as you said it I knew! 
(Punches Jake twice) Tit punch! 
Ya get one tit punch! 
A bonus tit punch for counting the tit punches... Like a tit. 
(Reading from a paper) 6 a.m 
6 
At the same time. 
7 
(Hesitates, folds the paper) No. 
(Dismissively) Name twelve. And make sure that they're about the Grand Canyon specifically, not just about any canyon. 
I am a shame. 
No. 
This is a public shaming of me. 
This is so messed up. I made like an amazing jackass-donkey pun earlier, and we're just glossing over it. 
(Whiny) It's poking fun at society! Yeah okay, who are we if we can't laugh at ourselves? 
You know not everyone has these rose colored sunglasses that you do! 
Occupy Baby Street. 
That's not me, that's you! Unless you wanna get...  
Tit punched! (Punches Jake again, spills tea on him) 
And I love you for it.   
I was talking to you.   
This L.A. pool party is going swimmingly (chuckling). (looks upset) (mumbling) Jesus christ! Oh my God. Can you tell these jokes that anyone, anyone would laugh at. And just met this silence and his being such a f.. Why befriends with them.. So clear what's going on here. He's tryin' to aggie one to tell more jokes. That's the only way to interpret this. Like why would somebody be such a dumb not funny asshole.   
(Shouting) I.. You know what, f**k you very much! I'm leaving. (Stands up)   
I'll sit. Under one condition   
Fine. (shakes his head and sighs) I'm bored. Let's chicken fight.   
WOW! Presumptuous much! You're straddling mine.   
(Spurts) No.   
Buddy.   
Buddy.   
It took me awhile to think of it just now. I'm sorry.   
Once. Maybe.   
A little bit.    
Yea. (Nods)   
Right. Yea!   
Yes.   
Yes.   
(Mumbling) How is this wrong, it was my birthday last week and you didn't do jack squat about it.   
Yea.    
Yea.   
Yea.    
Yea.   
Yeah.   
It's a whatchamacallit.   
I'm sorry too. Sorry you did me like that.    
Yeah, you are sorry. Sorry for forgetting my birthday.   
Yea you did deserve it. You deserved it because you're sorry because you forgot my birthday maybe.   
Exactly, I'm saying it because you said...   
I guess there's one thing.   
No no no no... Not until we got a competitor   
Then we'll wait! Okay, we'll wait.   
How is this fun? 
EH! 
Wrong! 
AH! 
Yay! 
I did. 
Who are you? 
What? 
(Like a baby) WAH! 
He's- 
He's kidding. 
(Overlapping) He's kidding. 
Is it on Netflix? 
Hello, hello, yes. Uh, I'm gonna need another smoothie, please. (laughs) Basically, you just need to freshen me up. Yeah, same guy in the park. No. No, not the freak-nerd in the net. (laughs) I'm a cool guy in a net. So, I can't believe there's a nerd around, also wearing a net. No, I did pay! 
If you think for one second I'm gonna pay for that smoothie, you're insane. 
Now, w-w-wait, ok, what are you gonna do, just throw it away? That's wasteful, it's gonna melt. 
Yess! Oh, and keep your phone on, Ok? I'm gonna call you in about 15 minutes for a third. Oh, and by the way, (spills first smoothie) Oh, yeah! 
It's hard to do that in this net, Ok, at least I went for it. 
Hey. 
I'm freezing. 
I can sing, I just, it hurts me to hear other people sing. It's like how you can make fun of my mom, but I can't.  
It's 'cause I'm too close to her, but you have a lot of material to work with--she's dumb and short. (pause) We shoulda never taken the freeway, man. Zgh (half sneeze-cough noise) freeway this time of day, zgh, forget about it. Killer.  Jake: Such a bad laugh. It's like you're not breathing.  Amir: Tzgh. Jake: No, let it out.  Amir: Tzgh. Jake: Stop it, it makes me, like, anxious.  Amir: Tzgh. Jake: What' funny right now to you?  Amir: Jgh.  Jake: You're like a choking animal.  Amir: I'm trying out a new laugh.  Jake: Don't.  Amir: Get off here.  Jake: Where? Amir: Just get off here. My GPS says there's like back roads we can take to the freeway.  Jake: What GPS?  Amir: I don't have it on me, it was from--just get off and I'll use my frickin' spidey sense, okay? I'm really good at navigating city streets. 
Oh, is that how long we've been stuck in this gridlock? (Amir laughs, honks horn in frustration that Jake doesn't) LAUGH!  
That's what she said! 
I know you are but what am I? 
Oh my god, like you've never seen a penis before! 
Big! 
I know, once a week mother! 
Sorry, mother 
It says use a pee sized amount, okay. I was just comparing. 
Oh, you've never felt pee before 
Call me Bleeding Gums Murphy, cause I'm Black! 
Chocolate, oil and figs! 
I white strip for 10 hours a day! 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Ahhhh, it pricked me, little bitch 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Oh definitely. Let me feel your teeth Hot shot, let me feel how hard they are (Taps Jake's teeth with a toothbrush) too hard, way too hard, you got to have a little give! 
You wan to feel a healthy tooth, feel mine 
My teeth are a thousand times softer than yours! 
Exactly 
Oh crapsicles son of a bitch pricked me again 
Okay, I don't have an hour to waste on this bullshit! 
Thirty times four 
Ow, little bitch pricked me again! 
Ahh, she is a demon bitch, but she is good 
Oh! (Brushes his teeth with the same toothbrush) Ew, salty 
AH, Let me show you this floss, let me do it on you! 
She is pricking me like there's no tomorrow, let me get a new length of rope! 
Oh! Little bitch pricked me a third and final time 
How about I got the bitch? How about I got the bitch back! 
Oh, you spelled "you're" wrong. 
Coward! 
(Holding a heart shaped piece of paper) Okay, what do you think about this for a Valentine's poem?  How Many Words Would It Take by Amir Valarie Blumenfeld. 
(Reciting poem)  How many words would it take to accurately express what you mean to me?  How can you scientifically quantify how much lighter I become when you enter my day and how heavy I feel when you leave?  How can I describe how my smile just appears magnetically when  I see your face?  (Jake smiles) How can I possibly count my thoughts of you when I think of you so constantly?  As thoughts within thoughts, within thoughts, within thoughts make it impossible to remember where one began and the other ended.  Time folds into itself as I am already nostalgic for our future and look forward to our past.  For the rest of my life, I love you.   
DUMB, I know!  (Chuckles) 
I texted the first part of it to myself while I was takin' a shit. 
And the second part, I was mid-wipe so I just said "fuck it, I'll leave it as a voicemail to myself".  Haha.  Are you crying? 
I don't know, I just freestyled it off the top of my dick, probably nobody; I'm gonna can it.  (Amir begins to bring the poem down to the garbage) 
What?  You already have a card. 
(Points at the heart shaped piece of paper in Jake's hand) What about that? 
Read it. 
Um...sh— 
No...Man, it was...good... 
What? 
What does it matter what mine says? 
But I wrote— 
I don't— 
I don't wanna say any of— 
Hey why don't you say my name?! 
Whatever. 
Q, R, S... T, U, V... 
No! Uh, yeah, I have to think about it. 
I have to think about it, yeah but I—one second. T, U, V... 
No! I'm not stumped, I'm just figuring it out. 
Yesterday I ended at R; R, Q— 
Woah, just got my cousin Leron's ezine. 
Yeah it's an online newsletter. 
It's sort of like about disrupting the status quo, sorta keeping the government on its toes and stuff like that. 
Oo, now you care, huh? 
It's called Poodle Tartar, okay, because he's rawdogging the non-readers. 
He only writes it on weekends that he doesn't have to spend with his children. 
Only 9, okay. But they're mostly grown up now. Actually, seven of them are the same age. 
Huh? 
Seven different moms, ya idiot! They choreographed it. 
You'd be surprised. 
This one's pretty messed up actually, it's about 300 pages of bomb schematics and pictures of Leron taking a dump on public libraries, which he swears to God is not illegal. And then  there's, like, a personal treatise devoted to how tipping isn't technically mandatory. 
What? 
Holy guack, I'm never tipping again. What about gifts? 
Gifts! Yeah! You know, for birthdays, weddings, funerals, of that nature. 
Something small, something nice. 
Yeah, I've been to hundreds. 
[On the phone] Mickey my friend! How are you? Long time caller, first time not-giving-a-shitter. You know how last week I crashed your daughter's onesie? Yeah, her one year old  birthday party at the kiddie gym. Showed up drunk as a kite and promised her the best gift money couldn't buy? Well guess what, Mickey? That ship has docked. Go outside Mickey and try to pretend it's not Thanksgiving, because your eyes are about to feast on the sickest jungle gym you've ever seen. This one's so big it's a goddamn rainforest gym! Splinter-free and polished since '93 in Holished. 
[On the phone] You opening the door Mickey? Yeah, check it out Mickey. You're looking at nothing, Mickey. Cause you know what, Mickey? Gifts ain't legal, Mickey! 
[On the phone] The only thing I have to get you, Mickey, is a visit from my friend Jonathan Squat AKA jack shit. Yeah, you lied to me Mickey, you pressured me with fake social norms  Mickey, and for that I urge you to attend your local chocolate factory and go fudge yourself! [Hangs up] Unh! Jake: God that was impressive. 
Thank you. 
Yeah. Yeah yeah, it's all scripted. 
Purple nurple! 
Ow. 
New shirt. 
I know yeah. You don't have to say yeah. I know it is. 
Say I know you know. You know I know. 
What? 
Short sleeve. 
It is new though, right? 
Where'd you get the shirt? Tell me where you got it! 
Because I want it too! That's why I wanna know, because I want to get the shirt too! 
I'm not gonna wear it on the same day as you, I'm gonna wear it on different days. We can alternate. People won't ever see us  wearing the same shirt at the same time. Yeah, they won't say, Oh okay, those two guys are wearing the same shirt. It won't look like  a mirror image! 
So yeah, I'll wear it Monday Wednesday Friday, you wear it on Tuesday Thursday, how's that? How's that for a plan? 
How about I get the same shirt as you? It won't even be the same size, it'll be two different shirts, (incoherent babbling), in  the same style, same style as it! I—I'm really really stressed out, because I'm afraid that at the end of the day you're not gonna... 
I'm afraid that you're not even gonna end up telling me what shirt! 
Because I can't, like—what I'm gonna walk into a store and go, like, Hey, can I get one that's red and plad just like Jake?  
Why is that pathetic? That I wanna wear a cool shirt? You're wearing that shirt, are you pathetic? 
(Babbling) Are you pathetic? Are you pathetic? Are you pathet—And it's not like I wanna wear one on the same day! It's not like  I'm gonna wear it on the same day! We can alternate days! 
You wear it on Monday, I can wear it on Tuesday, you can wear it on Wednesday, I wear it on Thursday, you wear it on Friday, I  wear it on Saturday, you wear it Sunday, I can wear it Monday, you can wear it on Tuesday, I can wear it on Wednesday. That's how we  should— 
Yeah! I wanna do that! I wanna share clothes with you, but I feel like I would sort of ease into that, by getting the same  
We should just wear the same clothes! We can wear the same clothes! Put them in the same—! 
I got the shirt. I said I wouldn't get the shirt, and I did. I did get the shirt. I called your bluff, and you lost. 
Yeah. 
I don't know! 
I had a fuck dream last night. 
What? I brought bagels* for the whole company and you're doggin' on me for mentioning, just mentioning that I had a dream? I haven't even gotten into the lurid details yet. And they are wet. 
You bet your ass it was.  Imagine every koala ever, in a bikini. 
Ok, fine, congratulations for this.  Guys, everyone throw up your bagels right now.  Throw them up or start paying me for them. 
Guess what? Everyone owes me two bucks now because Jake's doggin' me.  We'll call it a "Jake doggin' me fee." 
As a joke. 
As a joke. 
What am I saying? 
Right, bagel. 
Bagel. 
Bagel. 
Bagel. 
Ok. 
Daeg. 
"el" [with a hard "e"] 
Baeg-el. 
Worse, right? 
Woah, three bucks! You prick in a wig! Three bucks! 
You owe me money you skinny bitch! 
Bagel! You frickin' nimrod! 
I hustle. Ok? 
I spend a penny to make two. Do you know what it's like to grow up on the street? To be hood? Or would you rather just suck off Uncle Sam and swallow what he gives ya? By the way, that was my dream last night. 
I could clear five dollars easy street if all y'all just ponied up six dollars apiece for these Ed Bagley juniors! Ok, make my money work for me! 
Roughly... 
Look me in my eyes and actually tell me that you think I got ripped off. 
No, not buying that, you blinked. 
Alright, listen up everybody. [makes morse code sounds]  
Y'all now have giardia.  Alright, straight up it's a rare form of food poisoning that lasts three weeks; we're talking vomiting, diarrhea, jaundice, infantile jaundice! 
Don't worry there is a cure. 
Bedrest. And that information will cost you six hundred dollars, so... [wearing sunglasses] And I just made a profit! 
Whoah, nice chin strap beard. 
Why wear something that people can only compliment sarcastically? 
A chinner? 
Why did you do it? 
Yeah it is. 
Do chicks dig chin strap beards? 
I respect you so much but sometimes you make me really sad for you. 
Sorry, what? 
You kissed-You have a, wait- You have a nephew? 
What, because of your beard? 
So you weren't invited? 
You said you get invited to house parties. 
And then you made out with him? 
Robotripping? 
He's not, ok, it's called Robotripping! Have you ever done it? No, probably not because you're too scared to even eat dog shit! 
He did. At a house party. 
He kissed him at a house party. 
We're beefing. 
We're beefing. 
Hey you're watching Jake and f***ing Amir! 
Just bleep it! 
Alright so how does this work? 
Have you ever done it before? 
Heheh. 
Wow, really? 
Soo, do you do this every night, or... 
Alright. 
Hey! Your hair is too short and your voice is too low, call me if you wanna lose your dick! 
Game? 
I lost my childhood dog today! 
Game of Thorns? 
He didn't see a ring! 
Oh, I see a ring. 
Yeah, I see a ring. 
Hey, you're watching Evan and John. 
Jake and Ryan? 
Yes! 
Okay, year 5 of our March Brad--er--oh! Fuck, I'm concussed. (laughs) 
Michican? More like Michi-can't! I'm sorry, straight to the final four with ya! 
Huh? 
Kentucky will be getting lucky... in N'awlins. 
Sorry, did I say unlucky? I meant getting lucky. (AMIR nudges JAKE's elbow with his own and smiles knowingly) 
So compliment me. 
Can-tucky? More like (AMIR waves his hand under his nose) 'Can't, yucky!' (Amir begins hitting the table, his finger pointed, and speaks in an accent) Straight to the final four with ya!  
Straight to the final four with ya! Yeah! 
Need I remind you I picked every single upset last year.  
Yeah, and how did I finish? 
(in disbelief) How? I picked every single upset! 
Yeah, okay. So I didn't--what did I finish in? 
You know what, no, I wanna be funny on Youtube. 
You're right, sorry. 
UCONN? More like U CON'T! Straight to the final whore--mmm--four with ya! 
Will you rate and subscribe? 
Bellmont? (scoffs) That sounds like the name of a dumb dog. 'Come here Bellmont! Come here Bellmont! Ah, you dumb mutt.' (laughs) Right? Right? Right? 
Holy shit, you're negative. 
(reading) 'You know how we play 'Would You Rather'? Cavemen used to play 'Would You Gather'.' That is a bad tweet. 
It's in your pocket-- 
What? What are you talking about? Suck my dick, okay, I ponied up the dough! 
(quietly, doodling) 
I wanted people to hug it out, bitch. 
Yeah, Arrie Goals. 
Ah, Jake, that Final Four is good, and I'ma let you finish, but these picks-- 
(sighs) I'ma was gonna let you finish. 
You're gonna be using this one as the answer key. 
Yeah, well, history tends to repeat itself-- 
I'm a loser and a Jew. 
I'ma, I'ma was gonna sit back and I'ma was gonna let you finish, you know? I'ma has manners, after all, but you interrupted me. 
Ah! And now I'ma feels bad, okay? I feel bad about I'ma-self! 
And...done!  
Yeah, well, hindsight is 20-20. 
Mon-can-a? More like Mon-can't-a! 
You best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner, 'cause you're in the final four! 
With! 
Ya! 
Alright, mate, you said that? 
British, yeah. 
What? I'm having a shit day, lemme just sit for half a second! 
Jesus, somebody forgot to take their douchebag pills today! 
What? 
Exactly! 
What? 
I'll tell you why I had a shit day, but you gotta promise not to tell anyone. 
So, here I am crashing a quinceañera like my name was Martín! All of a sudden, I lift up a cake and pop goes my weasel! 
Back massage. No, foot massage. Head massage. What kind of massage do you want? Neck massage? Shin massage? Calf massage? I mean  that's kind of a weird massage but I could probably do it. 
Yeah! 
Fine! So Kobayashi follows me here and I owe him uh uh uh uh I owe him uh uh I owe him uh lunch. 
Did I stutter? 
Yeah. 
He holds the world record for twinkies and wings too, but yeah he's in the kitchen and I have to force feed him 20 hotdogs for  lunch. How do you think that makes me feel? So I go pick up the frozen dogs and uh! Pop goes my weasel again. 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
Uh wait! If you trusted me you don't even have to verify it with your eyes, you would just believe in your heart that it's real  and you don't have to go see it. 
Where are you going? 
Ohhhh yeah! 
(Wearing sunglasses) Yeah! 
(Kobayashi is wearing sunglasses) Yeah. 
(Both wearing sunglasses) Yeah. 
Make yourself big! 
Yeah, yeah, it's bears! 
He is a bear! He is a bear! 
Hey, you're watching an all-new episode-- 
I can finish it if-- 
(thinking) 'Will you just go to the bathroom? Will you just go to the bathroom?' Just once I'd like to go to the bathroom not because he's telling me but because I made the decision myself. Jake is chill as shit, but sometimes he's a nerd. I don't even have to go, it's like--(gas)--Oh, oh no. Wow, a little gas. Nothing to see here! -- (AMIR begins to shit, putting his hands on either side of the stall in clear pain). Oh no, here we go. Ohhh, mmmm, oh my God, (poops) poops I shitted again! Wow, that felt big! I'm gonna look down just in a case it's a-- holy shit, yeah, oh my (bleep) that's a record breaker. Three footer, easy, four soaking wet, two dry, two and a half moist, no coil either, just a straight shot. Thicker than a soda can, too. My God, it looks like a boa constrictor trying to get out of a septic tank. I'm a hero and a cool. I gotta snap a pic. W-w-wait! The minute I turn around to snap a pic, the toilet is gonna automatically flush! No! Oh my God! Stop crying, stop crying--okay, cry, cry, let it out, you deserve this! You don't cry that much and even if you did no one would begrudge these tears! Just cry, let it all out, then move past it! Okay okay okay, think! Think think think, you idiot. There's gotta be a way to snag a pic without getting up. Go through your legs. (AMIR tries) Nope, too dark. It's too fricken dark. Ugh, unbelievable. You caught a seventy pound bass and you have to throw it back before (AMIR punches stall wall) anybody even gets to behold its beauty! Good luck bragging about something that doesn't even exist! It looks like ten brown slinkies glued together and nobody's gonna believe a goddamn thing. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! 
No, I'm not okay! I just gave birth to a brown elephant trunk and I'm afraid I'm gonna lose her to the great unknown! 
(thinking) Just stand up! Just stand up and do it, you coward! There's no way that log's getting flushed down anyway! No, no, no, greater fortunes have been lost on less risky propositions! You have to be rational here! 
Jake, listen, it's me--don't hang up, don't hang up, don't hang up, okay? I don't want you to do anything weird, I just need you to come over here and put your hand over the sensor so I can stand up and take a picture of my enormous dump. Hello, hello? Ugh! 
(thinking) Dildo! He's a dildo! Ugh! Think, think think think. Uh. This is what you have to do. Take off your shirt and pants, put them over the motion sensor so that it still thinks you're still sitting down, and stand up and take the pic right away! Ha! (claps in head) This makes me a genius, official genius and a cool. From now on nobody will think of Amir Blumenfeld as the guy who couldn't take a shit the size and girth of twelve rubber hoses banded together and dipped and brown paint, no! But rather as a pimp and a philosopher. The best two things you can be.  
(thinking) Okay, here we go, Hurwitz. Turn around and snag the pic. Your life as you know it will officially change. Promise me this. Whatever people say, you'll stay humble. (aloud) I promise. (thinking) Three, two, one... 
Oh no! No, no, no! 
By the way, I know what you're gonna say, but don't bother because I promised myself I'd stay humble, also, thanks for the bathroom suggestion, comprende. Guess what, didn't have to go-ohhh... 
No! 
None of your business, alright? My little cousin sent me this questionnaire to fill out over email because he has to do a profile on somebody he respects for his journalism class. 
Will you help me answer these questions or not? I just forwarded you the email. 
Thanks for the tip! (snickers) Seriously, thank you for the tip, but can you help me out, please? 
I mean I hate to say this ... but throwing lit matches on people while they're taking a dump. 
Just say 'Go fuck yourself'. 
Is that in there? 
Is the question on the questionnaire? 
Third, he's repeating the third grade. 
(shrugs) Yeah. 
Stop that right there- 
-Let me answer that question with a rap 
(quietly) I know... 
News flash! (lifts shirt to expose his hairy nipples) 
That only took me a week. Yeah, I did that over the course of several weekends, so who feels bad now? 
I do. 
Bad. 
-Agreed, agreed. 
At best? It sucked. 
I know, the beat sucked shit, too. 
Okay, good, because my cousin Leeron came up with it. I'm glad he did something right. (snickers) 
No, that was all me. 
Mhm. 
Yeah, it was suck suck. I think, I think I'm gonna have to turn off my computer and go home too, I mean I  
Beat was crap, the rap was crap- 
Absolutely-Hey! You're preaching to the chair. 
How was that? 
Aardvark cum is froze like ice. Don't touch it's freezing, eat my vice, seamen colder than the coldest night. Aardvark dick juice gives frost bite. It's cold, real cold. 
Hah! Was the dick juice thing to crass, you know want this to be something my one year nephew can listen to.  
Yeah, I thought so too, I just wanted to make sure... 
Huge like jackman, I wanna step back man. Aardvark jizz is fast like mac ram. It's Cold too, it' freezing, it's absolutely frigid.. 
What's an ass chorus? 
Awful, bad maybe. 
Hoodie's... 
You said which one do you like better, I said hoodie's, how is that not specific, I liked his better. 
But you said you only need one shot. 
How? 
Yep, I'm wondering how you got the ring. 
Ahh, from the top, from the top! 
I missed it! 
Top Ten Beers to Chug, by Amir Valerie Hurwitz. 
Oh yeahh! 
Number ten! PBR? Give me CPR! I just drowned in bliss! One can for this fun man, and I'm about to rock out with your cock out! Cock-a-doodle yours! 
Neither do I! Number nine one I can find. Lists are meaningless when you love that golden oat soda as much as I do! [Pause] Booze! 
Number eight 
Don't interrupt me cause I'm eighty deep down in that vodka and red bull like it's my snob.... that's a beer! 
Seventh heaven! Nantucket Cisco Brewery Whale's Tail Pale Ale for this frail gale, gets me off the rails.... for rail! 
Number 666, the devil's number for God's creation! Got a Heinie in one hand, and a Heinie in the other! She's got a buttock so firm, you can slap her without telling her about it first! 
Five, who cares? So long as it's in a glass or a can, you can kiss my ass, with a fan! Any beer will do when you're nose deep in that ish like Winnie the Bear! 
She's a bear! 
She's a he! 
Number four 
Number three, for me, is anything free! I'm talking about what a patron doesn't finish at the bar, I'm chugging that bitch, and running real far! 
Numero duo Newcastle for this Jew rascal. One and, uh, not done.... I want two! 
Number one! 
It. Don't. Matter. So long as I'm slurping it with the woman of my dreams.... 
My mom! 
Oh, you say my name wrong so your mom doesn't know about us! 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hi. Just wanted to check in on the status of my meal. I ordered it and now I'm feeling lonely and horny without it. 
Yeah. 
Eee! 
Ehh. 
Cool, and if you care to join me, you can. 
-But you want to? 
(makes cat sound) Fair enough. 
Why, did you fart? No, okay. 
To tweet or not to tweet, that is the question. 
(on phone) Hey Jake it's me, I'm at P.G.I. Fugley's. Come on by! Later. 
(on phone) Hey Micah, it's Amir. Your brother did not pick up the phone. I assume he's dead. I'm sorry to have to tell you that, but he's probably long gone. If you hear from him, have him call me, okay? I'm at P.G.I. Fugley's. Bye. 
(on phone) Mrs. Hurwitz, Amir freaking, no, speaking. Both your sons are being coward factories. Have them call me back immediately. 
(on phone) Shirley, hi, uh, Amir, from Connecticut Police Department. Um, I have reason to believe that your neighbor, or I know for a fact that all of your neighbors are dead. 
Oh! And if it's not too much trouble, it is my birthday, so... 
(grabs waitress' arm) Yeah, well. I don't know if you guys do the singing and dancing and clappin' and all that jazz, but... 
(points to himself) Party of one. 
Thanks, doll, appreciate it! 
Didn't, no. (on phone) Mr. Hurwitz, hi. Amir Blumenfeld here. Sorry to tell you, but your wife is a tramp, and your sons are  a coward. Call me back at 1-900-How 'bout ya don't! 
No. 
D for effort. That felt forced. Leave the cake and get out of my face. Chloe, you can stay, but only if you want to! 
Scared to join me? (attempt at a scary laugh) Moo-oo-ahh-ahh-ahh! 
Shame. 
If you're asking whether or not I got a free cake- 
-I did. 
Okay, you know what? (slaps his leg) Park it. Right here, brother! 
Hey, you're watching two goldenrod golden gods at the top of their? 
?game! 
(Talking on the phone) Vaguely. Vaguely. Haha! No man. There's a disconnect here. Haha! No man. Consider it dumb. We'll play it  by year. There's a disconnect here. Vaguely. Absurd. Vaguely? Bye. (To Jake) How's that for a normal conversation? 
Who with, good question. 
My friend Den. 
Den. 
Den. 
Den. 
Yes. 
Den. 
Den. 
Yeah exactly right, like the room. We used to razz him about that all the time, we used to be like, Uh oh, here comes Snatcher!  Sorry, I'm thinking of my friend Snatcher. 
Den. 
So yeah, Den is more of a friend, than a friend of a friend. 
Don't presume! Okay, cause then you make a pres out of um and e. 
Anyway you heard the call. Two normal people having a nice normal conversation. 
Refresh my memory? 
Refresh my memory then. 
Okay, out with it. 
Say it? What is it? 
Okay I won't say anything. 
Ready? 
Ready? 
No, I'm not. 
Five seconds? 
Five seconds of silence here we go, ready? Five, four, three? 
What were you gonna say? 
I don't recall... 
Lucky, breast. 
I wish. 
Yeah! 
Don't. 
I got all of them right! 
You consider me dumb! 
Yes, I do! 
Oh okay so what are you, twelve ears old? 
Den. 
Den! 
Vaguely. 
(Wearing sunglasses) Vaguely? 
Haha! No man. 
Consider it dumb. 
What year? 
What year? 
2010. 
Consider it dumb. 
Den! 
Vaguely. 
Den! 
O positive. As in oh I'm positive that's 95 per cent pizza grease 
what? is there are law against cigarette indoors while donating blood? 
against it though? 
oh? 
ah yeah.. 
first of all it was a bus not the subway and second of all, it wasn't me? 
yeah.. 
favourite part about donating blood? 
really? That's my least favourite part 
{lifts up t-shirt that says 
really? {Lifts up t-shirt to reveal another t-shirt that says 
let me answer your question with another shir.. {Lifts up t-shirt but there's no more} Oh I thought I had another one that said I'm fast * *JAKE: {with hand on Amir's chest} Yo, I haven't felt anything in like, thirty seconds *AMIR: I know right? * *AMIR: Is it true that just by donating a pint of blood you can save a dozen lives and over the course of my life I can save a busload of children? *JAKE: yeah that's true *AMIR: and yet it ain't worth it {laughs} * *JAKE: I'm actually getting a little light headed  *AMIR: Oh my God pussy. Pussy for that! *JAKE: no you fainted. Twice. Once for twenty minutes and once for an hour. Woke up, saw the needle and started crying. You also pissed yourself. *AMIR: spoken like a true nanny *JAKE: you came here in a skirt *{camera pans down to reveal Amir in a mini-skirt and pans back up} *AMIR: they're called jeans. * *JAKE: For real, you and I have known each other for a really long time and I'm just {fist pump} yeah.. I'm like racking my brain right now trying to come up with just one nice thing you've ever done for anybody *AMIR: just drop it okay? * *AMIR: hey check it out I'm a cannibal vampire. {Takes Jake's tube and sucks it}  *JAKE: OH MY GOD. du..du..du..dude STOP *AMIR: hehe * *JAKE: I'm sorry to harp on it but you're just not a good guy and you have an ugly personality and a *black heart *AMIR: yeah I know, I know. I'm gonna make a change- don't worry *JAKE: you won't make a change that's the worst part you're selfish, you're stupid and you're mean. *AMIR: yeah I know I suck I'm sorry 
all right all done! Time to pay up! 
what? There's places that'll pay you and we went to one for free?! 
how can I be happy knowing that we helped the less fortunate and I don't even have any cheddar to show for it?! 
I need the cheese! Yeah I need the cheese! 
I'm a mouse! Give me the cheese 
Hey, you're watching - let's keep it at that! 
Oh, NOW you care! 
Jake. 
Can I trust you? 
You must feel like such shit, I trusted you and you let me down! 
I'll tell you how you can make it up to me. 
I registered at Sky Mall! 
Emotionally? 
Yes. Physically? 
No. 
I sent you the registry, dude! Just get me something off of it and we'll call it Even Steven Segal. 
I don't know why not, 'cause you did! 
I'm sexy and I know it! 
Girl look at my body! 
Girl look at my body! 
Girl look at my body! 
I work out! 
MURPH! 
Yeah. 
Agreed. 
Say it. 
I did it! 
Told you that would suck! 
I agree. 
Oh, you mean the anal bead 
I am the weakest link, goodnight. (looks at jake for reaction)  
(interrupting) The most viral! 
It reads fast 
Yes! Okay... Jake, why don't you play Darrel McMexican  
He's like a rogue CIA agent with a heart of cold. 
(To Emily) And Julia, why don't you play his girlfriend, Pussy Sandwich, which works since that's your actual name. 
Right, what did I say? 
Yes, I think we're saying the same thing? 
Are we not?  
And improvise! Have fun with it! But, stick to the script. That's the most fun you can have. You know, I'm married to the script. (whispering) But I'm willing to cheat. (laughs)  
Well, we'll see. (winks) 
(exasperated) CUT. Sorry...um, yeah. You're improvising.  
Which is fine, yeah 
You're improvising a little too much for my liking , but that's fine. 
Okay, okay, great. So here comes the emotional crux of the whole...piece as it were. Please, as alway's improvise, adlib, yeah, but (pounds the table to get his point across) verbatim! I can't stress that enough. Stick to the script.  
(smiling) Wow... 
He was improvising. 
Hey, you're watching Jake... and I guess that's it cause I suck! 
Hey, Man. 
Bueno. 
I'm not your "Buddy", Buddy. 
You would love that, wouldn't you? 
And... shit! 
It's called 'food poisoning'. 
I'm toughing it out! 
Losers go to the bathroom. Winners go to the back room, to get blows. 
Yeah, it did come out the back but then the smell was just overpowering me so I flipped the script, switched the pants around. 
If I could feel my arms, honestly, I'd give you a noogie right now. 
Why did this happen to me? 
I knew you'd bring that up. 
It was a dare. 
Yeah, and guess what? I chickened out! Hehe, raw chicken that is! vomits Oh, look at me, I have diarrhea of the mouth, and diarrhea of the south.  
No, bueno. 
Oh, I get it. You didn't come in here to bond with me. You came in to ask me to leave.  
Well, I guess it's first come, first slerve on the Zsa Zsa Gabor. So, outta my way, dimwits. I'm looking for... 
You want the nice golden brown. This is not... 
Wait a second, is this cheese pizza? 
Yeah, but you didn't say it was cheese! Aw, I'm going to yarf. 
It's too late, I'm actually mid yarf. 
Keep the box open! 
Go home, Jake!  
Relax, I only post cool and interesting stories, at most, one a month 
I said at most 
You're a bigger circlejerking diva than the commenters, and that's saying a lot 
interrupting -it's not 
interrupting again -oh yeah it is 
It's called a me-me 
Yeah 
Yeah 
Yeah 
AMAs, okay? Its like an interview, it stands for ask me anywh-time 
I needed the upvotes 
It's called 'karma' Jake, and correct me if I'm wrong (laugh) but I got a lot of it 
then correct me 
I'm an ent that needed the uptokes 
How's this for sad? I was at a three when I wrote that 
Will you just uptoke it okay? I'll go dickless for Chiklis literally this afternoon if you uptoke it 
interrupting awh, one example? give me one example 
I already know what you're gonna say, okay? and just know that I did it for the lols 
yeah 
and guess what man... 
really? 
no I never go back 
laughs 
(whilst Jake is talking)yeah 
I'm like a martyr 
that thread was dead 
nobody likes me 
oh 
yeah,  guess why 
Amir. Is my name. 
I spent a lot of time in high school doing Habitat for Humanity - you know, building houses - but instead of real nails, I would use these dissolvable sugar studs that I would get at novelty stores, and, like, always: six months later, I would check the news, and that house would - BOOM [snap] - collapse. Two dead, three dead, four at a time, just gone. 
No. 
Sometimes, I'll go someplace, and... my name's not normal. But, like, where are you from? 
Okay. 
[as if being interviewed] Uhhhh, no I do not. 
Either a relative will help me, or I will upload a video of myself-- 
Frequent flyer miles? 
Oh, like, do I... t-- 
Yes. 
Forty. 
Well, sometimes I'll take, like, one or less, like thirty-nine, but yeah. Thirty-nine or forty. [to Jake] Right? 
How much is r-- how much is good? 
...What did we have before? 
I'm Amir... 
Oh no, it's too loud. / JAKE 
Yeah, no. 
Ya know? 
Ya know it's no. 
[talking over Jake] Ya know it's no. [high-five] Ya know it's no. 
I was by the copier. 
Yeah. 
I had just gotten back from lunch. Some hole-in-the-wall Mexican place. 
Oh, not a r-- not a place, this actual hole in the wall that I found a burrito in. Then I went to Taco Bell and got one of the T-- the d-Dorito Taco-Lacos. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. You like my underwear? 
Alright. 
Mm. Hit? 
Come over. 
Smoking a hookah. 
Not that big of a deal. 
Don't blow smoke up my ass. 
I have strawberry. I have strawberry and apple and watermelon and mint, and mint is the bomb, and it's smooth, and if you mix it  with strawberry it tastes like a mojito. 
Why is drinking alcohol cool? Hm? Why is riding on a motorcyle cool? Why is wearing SPF of less than 10 at the beach cool? 
Because it's dangerous! Being safe is for mothers and nerds, and last time I checked, I'm have a pussy. 
I said I don't have a pussy! 
Yeah! 
(Holding up the hookah hose) Yeah. 
No, I also did regular work. 
(Holding up his backpack, from which mewing can be heard) It's in my fricking backpack! 
Chill it with this line of questioning, okay! It's not becoming of either of us. You're stressing me out. 
I've been checking my Gmail on my work phone. 
(Mocking Jake) Yeah I have a work phone. 
(Opening his backpack) It's here. 
(Brandishing his phone) Yeah, in the bag. 
Careful, it's dirty! 
Yeah, the lock screen is all... messed up. It's like— 
I'm starting to not even be in the mood to smoke. 
Why? Huh? Because you shouldn't try to be cool! You should just be yourself and not care what other people think? 
No! No, absolutely not! Last week, I paid 2000 dollars for a getting-with-chicks seminar. And guess what happened: final exam  time rolls around and we're at a bar, and every single one of us hooks up with a girl. That's right: we all made out like bandits. And  on my way home, guess what I saw: the teacher of the class, Sean, he was discreetly paying every single girl that made out with us  nerds money. And you know why? 
Because I'm cool! 
Jake, Jake, Jake. Jake Jake Jake. Jake your booty. 
(joining Jake on couch) Hey, dude, thanks for meeting me here. 
So how do people make money today? 
That's right, creating iPad apps. 
And, what better way to create iPad apps than in a meeting that both people agreed to? 
Ok, first app idea. You know how it's hard to manage your time, like time management? 
So this is just a list of other shit that's hard to deal with. 
Yes. 
And yet it is. 
Ok. 
I was trying to change the battery on this piece of junk. 
That's an example of something I do all the time. 
The hardest thing anyone has to deal with, emotionally, is finding out that a loved one doesn't feel anything for them anymore. 
I'm not always talking about apps. 
So, you hate the Papua New Guinean community, I hate the Papua New Guinean community. So let's just agree- 
Ok. So this app might be a dud. (snorts) 
This one's pretty slick, actually, it's an app called burger and you use it when you're hungry. 
It's a picture of a burger and, uh, ya eat your iPad. (chuckles) 
Barbecue sauce everywhere, no, that was for a different app called ribs and it's not what it sounds like. That was a picture of- 
Exactly right, how did you- 
You're getting defensive. 
It's called Photobooth and you can use it to take goofy pictures of yourselves. 
Yeah, well I created a lens for it, called fisheye. 
If you're gonna call me out on every single white lie I tell, just, just leave, I'm serious man. 
Bahh! When I'm done! 
What noise? 
I guess so- Bahh! 
You're in a bad place right now and I feel like even if I pitched you a good idea you wouldn't be into it. 
(taps iPad) Alright. 
Oh my God, I have a case for it, relax. 
Call me out. Call me out in front of all your big friends so that I can feel small.  
Don't compartmentalize me like I'm a chore.  
(huggine Jake) I hate when we fight like this. 
Alright, so this one's a hoot and a half. (laughs briefly) What's the hardest part about reading? 
Ok, never mind. 
Never mind, I said! 
You try to put everything in a box. And if it doesn't fit, ya throw it away. (pause, reaches for hug) I'm sorry. 
So you know how Instagram sold for (puts pinky to lip) one billion dollars? 
(laughs) So this would be an app that harasses the creators of Instagram until they give us a few million dollars to stop. 
Thank you. 
Appreciate it. 
Danke. 
Gracias. (laughs) 
Todah rabah.  
(whispers) Ouch. 
Oh no, constructive criticism! 
(faintly) Ow. 
Right, yeah, yeah. 
That's fine, Ok. 
Oh? 
No. 
Nope. 
Yeah. 
At least I gave it the old college try, you know? 
Well, at least I tried my best, you know? (snorts) 
(tapping couch) Absolutely (snorts) I just, uh. Quit it, alright, you're making me feel weak. 
(raising voice) Enough! Ok, you're not creative! 
(laughs, gets punched by Jake) Ow! 
Woah, cool tank top. 
What? 
Why? 
Do you think that's a normal thing to wear around the office? 
Just wear a T-Shirt, then, okay? You'll look normal and you won't be as angry. 
Doppelganger? 
He looks pissed at you. 
So why follow his fashion advice? 
How? 
What? 
I guess- 
What? 
That actually is a cool look. 
(rips the sleeves of his shirt off) 
I'm going sleeveless! Yeah! A dank tank for this man stank make the poonani smell rank! 
Get outta here, man! 
(points to Jake) He 69'ed his dad! 
It was a rave, yeah. 
[in a mellow, congested-sounding voice] Hey, you're watchin' Jake and Amir! 
[still doing the voice] It's a new voice. 
These meetings are awful. 
They always suck. 
The speakers are always a dumb or a chump. 
Alright. Listen up, everyone this guy thinks, [gestures toward the co-worker he wa talking to previously] I'm pretty damn good. 
Heheheheh, what're you laughing about, asshole? You just insulted me to my face! 
But-I, but-I, buh-buh-buh-buh-butt-- You are a butt. You're a butt now. Leave. 
Okay, how 'bout this 
...Fuck. Um... [pulls out a checkbook] yeah... is check fine, or... 
Name? 
This is so fucked... Why, why, why am I doing this. [gives Harnoff the check.] Take this and get out of my face. 
Huh. Obviously not my finest moment, heheh. Does anyone know how to stop payment on a check? 
Just shut up, okay? I'll-- I'll give you two thousand dollars to put a sock in it. 
Oh my God, dammit! ...Name. 
Well, Gonny, must be your lucky day. [he passes the check to Gonny] Here. Before I put the checkbook away, does anyone else want money? 
Focus, group! Heh! No. Okay 
Exactly right. Now right: I'm not an authority on anything; fuck, guys, I'm not even a decent human being. Let's go to the presentation. 
[clicks to a blank screen] Blank slide, [clicks to a blank picture reading TEST IMAGE] test image, [clicks to a blank screen again] blank slide. It should be a surprise to none of you that I don't know how to work a computer. 
So, that took me three years. 
Yeah. 
Huh... 
Guys, listen up 
Correctimundo! Ten thousand for the private eye. [begins writing a check] ...Name? 
Jake and Amir long story short-- 
Okay 
Guess where I'm going today 
Correctanundo! The Olintics! 
Speed. 
Honor. 
U. SS. R. 
You mean to tell me I have to buy shit. 
330 euro, yeah, and that was without international shipping and processing! 
Because I was gonna pick it up in bloody old England, dumbass! 
Shit happened! Okay? Life got in the way! 
What? 
Huh? 
No! 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
That's a humble brag. 
I started a Twitter account!  
Oooh! I was gonna save it for you birthday! 
Yeah well wait 'til you hear what the username is! 
USA Rice! 
USARice is fun. He's fun and happy and he's positive and he's everything that I'm not and if you're just gonna shit on him then you're a grinch now. 
Anything is possible, yeah!  
Don't even make me feel a little bit bad about any of these tweets, okay! Otherwise I'll delete my entire freaking account. 
Negative! Poison! 
I wish I could, honestly, but you've been waterboarding me with so much haterade that I don't know if I can get my mojo going enough to bring me or the youth group to merry old Scotland! 
Close enough. 
I sponsored a teen tour! 
I'm supposed to chaperone 20 youngsters from all over the states and bring them to the Olympics. 
Liars! 
Wow, yo, you're such a surfer guy. 
UNAVAILABLE, hi, Amir Blumenfeld. Whoa, weak grip. 
if you lead the charge I know. You know they say to dress for the job you want but I don't know if we have any openings in the hooker division. 
Ya heard him. Leave. 
Ha ha ha. You just cost yourself the job dumbass. Bad eyes, no, bad you. 
Because I can't see without them, Jake. 
Listen, you're gonna get sexually harassed working here, okay dude? Massages and more are par for the course especially looking like you do. How much you bench kid? 
Ooh, playing hard to get I like that. Now I gotta have you. Hehe. Lie down. 
What is this? Is it something that I said or did? 
If she's waiting for an apology from me I can outlast this diva queen. With her drama. 
What's your sexual orientation kiddo? 
Alright you don't have to answer that, you don't have to answer that. 
Can you cover your ears for just like a second. Heh thanks. (Whispering) I'm trying to play it cool but I'm 90 percent sure this kid is Shia LaBeouf.  
Uncover now. Hey, great thanks. Two questions for you, one can you start and two what was it like working with and kissing with Megan Fox! 
You know what I did to the last chick that was in here? I boxed her fricken ears. Hard. 
Just a really big fan and that's all I'm gonna say okay from here on out you're just another dude to me. Heh. Follow up question, what was it like sharing the screen with Hollywood legend Harrelson fricken Ford.  
Yeah because you don't put your real name on shit. Not when you're A-list. Dumbass. 
Call me a dumbass again and I will smack you I swear I don't take kindly to that shit. Sorry Shia you have to see me like this, usually I'm a pretty cool guy but I really don't take kindly to that dumbass shit. 
Here we go. 
Ow.  Dammit! Sorry, I- I- I promised myself I wouldn't beef in front of the beef, but here I am. No homo. 
Okay what if I offered you the job huh? Would that make you feel better babe? 
Yeah, you want a job kiddo? What if I gave you the job. Yeah? 
Do you watch Even Stevens? 
Yeah. Guess who was sitting in your chair not twenty minutes ago. 
Shia La fucking beef.  He even signed my tit. Fake name, but... 
What's your favorite color? 
CREAM? Who's favorite color is cream? Leave. 
Doesn't matter. 
What do you want me to ask, why do you want to work here? 
NO! NO! 
Green. Huh? Hands down. That or a milky tan like this chair.  
That's cream! 
Thanks for what? 
Yeeaahh. 
One second. 
Hello Village Realty! Yes, I am calling about your two-bedroom triplex on East 8th and 1st. She is a beaut. That's right, hot to trot and newsflash: I'm not!  Heh. But the asking price is quite nice, 8k a month plus utilities. 
Let me make you an offer you CAN refuse. Heh. I'm writing it down on a slip of paper and let me just know if this offends you. 
Okay I will take your silence to mean that you've accepted my counter of eleven dollars a month plus carte blanche access to your business center, that means you can't kick me out after midnight! 
Hello? Hello? Mm. Locked down another apartment dude. 
Moving is tough though, my current place is kind of a dump. 
It's the dump.  
Hello! Yes, Village Realty. Long time listener, second time caller: and I'm baller!  Heh. Oscar the Grouch here speaking and I can say that 'cause I live in a fucking trash can.  
I'm looking at one listing which is particularly cherry. Though on the contrary, it might be an apple, because it is that of my eye! 
I'm speaking of course of your seven bedroom quadplex overlooking Central Park West, asking price 38.9 million dollars, so let me do you one worse. Five dollars a month plus carte blanche access to your business center. 
Yes, that is a very lowball offer, but if I'm doing my math correctly- 
You are still netting a cool 1.9 million dollars in commission. Which may not seem like a lot to you but I live in a god damn trash heap so try not to rub it in my face. I already do that enough as is.  
My last landlord was a coward and a thief. AKA you're looking at a modern day robin hood, I steal from the bitch and give to the whore.  
Neither do I. Alls I know is that I can't afford first and last month, or any of the ones in between. Uh oh, I am blowing up. 
Yellow is the color of my energy, hello? 
Go fuck yourself. I'LL TAKE IT. Hello? They hung up. They hung up on me. 
Oh, good call. (Dialing phone) Hey wanna do mimosas after work? 
We're on. Mickey my friend! 
I have a proposition for you Mickey. Yes, how would you like a new roommate my friend. That's right. That's right I am quiet, I am clean, and just between you and me, I bake a mean frittata. 
How does 4,900 dollars a month sound Mickey? That's right, that's first, last, and security Mickey. We can finally start that organic garden Mickey. That's right, just me you and some fresh basil, just the way we always wanted Mickey. Alright excellent Mickey, that sounds great. That sounds great Mickey, come outside. Come outside and help me carry in this boxspring Mickey it looks heavier than it is Mickey. Are you outside, are you coming outside Mickey?  
You know why I'm not there Mickey?  Because I'm not coming. I'm not gonna be your roommate Mickey. I live in a god damn trash heap and your rent was too damn high. Your mom's bringing us iced tea in mason jars?  Well that doesn't sound like my dream! That doesn't sound like my idea of a good time Mickey. Hold on, I'm getting another call. 
He is, he's a freaking coward. I always said that. I said that from day one, that he was a coward.    
Cheryl cheated on Todd.   
You dick. 
Yea to her freaking face, right to it. In front of all of her friens if you can believe that.  
I tell her everything. Cheryl's my oldest chica. 
Ok, I know what we're doing tonight.   
I'm picking you up and we are having a fuck Todd night. You know why, because- 
Fuck Todd! 
Let's do it. I hate his fuckin' mom.  
That's right. You coulda been Cheryl's revenge fudge but you had to go off and defend queen pussy Todd. 
Seems pretty equal.  
I'm saying they're both kid's authors. 
Both great, yea very similar baseball players.  
Pick it up, pick it up. Be strong. Remember, just be the bigger person, you're the mature one in this situation.   
Oh yea, I'm having an affair. 
Oh yea I'm cheating on you.  Uh, I'm cheating on you.  
Ugh, yea get liquid. Ugh, yea get liquid. Uhh pick up that. Pick that up. 
Pick that up. 
Pick that up. 
Uhh, Despicable Meeeeeeee! 
Start over, I wasn't paying attention. 
It's not! 
Yeah. 
95 Ritratti or 92 Stirling? 
I'm Murph's butler! 
Since I've never not been Murph's butler. My dad was his dad's butler and they had a suicide pact and at the last second my dad  chickened out and frikkin moved! Yeah! Ever since then I've been paying off his life debt. Throwing this on ice. 
(Carrying a tray of sliders) Alright, appetizer time! We're talking pulled pork sliders with a honey dijon glaze. 
Yeah. 
They are! 
Welcome, hello, bruchim habaim, and bon giorno, to a culinary experience from all around; our globe... Carpe diem! Seize the fish. Heh! No, tonight we're having carp. 
[imitating a record scratching] Wrickee wrickee-- scratch that. We are having branzino. 
Okay, um... uh, she can have the... bed of arugula-- like, I don't know what to do at this point; I'm sorry. 
Uh... it's fine. It's fine. Neko, um, do you eat beef? Or, do you not, because you're a fucking vegan now, all of a sudden-- I can't-- I'm sorry. 
[ranting rapidly, barely retaining any semblance of composure] I just can't believe she fucking did that to me like that. And in the middle of a fucking meal? What kind of timing is that? 
Yeah, he raw-dogged me, h-- I feel like he bent me over a table and dogged me raw or something. He raw-dogged me! Yeah. 
Yeah, and he did it raw! That's the worst part. I feel like if he lubed me up-- okay, fine. That's one thing. Whatever. Moist: it slides right in-- Yeah! Just spit. [makes a spitting noise] Slides right in, slides right out; it doesn't hurt that much. But for him-- for him to raw-dog us like that? 
It was. 
Yeah. 
All right! So, this is a most interesting little dish; it's sort of a palate-cleanser in terms that it's a spinach hazelnut salad with onions, olives, and a citrus balsamic vinaigrette. 
I know what you're thinking sort of had a... special little customer who needed a special little salad, so here we are. 
Is she! Okay, Neko, how 'bout this? How 'bout you [Amir begins furiously dismantling the salad with his hands, throwing hazelnuts onto the floor] eat, around, the, nuts? How 'bout that, Neko? Huh? ...Sorry, it-- 
Hey, I got the bottle! 
I'm doin' you a favor, bro! 
Ladies and gentlemen, dessert is served! Lemon sorbet with a chocolate mousse. 
Of fucking course. 
Aaaaaaah, he's hurting my back! 
Pussy. 
I said 
I'm smoking a J. 
[crying] If you guys start crying, then I'm gonna frickin' cry, too; I'm gonna beef... 
[crying] You had a lotta grig'... 
[crying] It was some primo grig'; it was a '95 Ritratti... 
[crying] Yeah... yeah, it was a Ritratti, it's an aphrodisiac... 
You do, man. Bros propose before hos; I've always said that. 
Double wedding! 
Yeah, well you haven't eaten shit all night, so bring it! 
Okay. Okay, I'm high! I'm high! Let go of me, I'm high! Jake, I'm stoned! 
I'm so mad I can punch you right now. 
Evenin'. 
Bad to see you. 
No, shut up. Er... Keep talking. 
Today is not Opposite Day. Or it's not not... 
Thank you! Er, you're wel—sor—you're welc—no—sorry! 
Yeah that means it's high school level shit, not buddy. 
I don't not appreciate, or the opposite of appreciate that so— 
Oh, dammit. Er, fine, good. Frig it! I'm overthinking it! 
No! Er, yes! 
Okay, you know what? For the rest of the day, I'm not going to ignore you. 
No, today we are both having a vagina. 
I have a pussy! I have a tight little pussy! (Jake films Amir) And, I'm a nerd! And, we're not friends! 
Delete that video you fucking dickwad. 
Opposite Day just took a big old timeout when I became concerned about what you're gonna be doing with that footage of me saying  some pretty compromising shit! Namely, that I have a pussy, that I'm a nerd, and that we aren't friends! 
No. Yes. What? 
At least say that it's Opposite Day— 
—in the caption! 
Good. Fine. Everybody please listen up. Despite what video on the internet you may or may not have seen yet, I am not a nerd and  I do have a pussy. 
Don't have a pussy. Keep taping. Keep taping! I don't have a pussy! 
You know what, here. Here it is. (Stands on the desk and pulls down his shorts) My glorious hog in all of its glory. That's  right. Does this look like a tight small pussy to you? I don't frikking think so! 
Yeah, well, the joke's on you, sir, because today is Opposite Day, so you just told me I'm hired. 
You're watching Jake and Amir, but I bet you're just looking at Jake!  
Yeah! 
Top 10 first date ideas 
Penn Cooper- 
Hurwitz 
Number 10  
Where and when. Let it be her call, it is 2011 after all 
Number 9 
Take her to a wine bar; and not a place that's close, go real far; and not in a plane, drive in a car. That's right, go to wine country - Napa Valley, California together.  
Number 8 
Lucky number sleven 
Meet her in heaven. That's right a Romeo and Juliet group suicide so you could spend all of eternity together.  
Six 
High five you a steak. You're ingesting weed and ecstasy, and guess what day it is... X-mas eve. 
Yes! Number 4 is a city so nice they named it Rice. Rice, Texas.  
You actually fly in through Dallas! It's a hub! 
Number 3 
I don't need an answer tonight, but I do need a promise in writing that you'll love me forever.  
All marriages are arranged, if you include destiny.  
Number 2 
Honestly, I'm just trying to get laid.  
Number 1 
I'm down on one knee and this is my plea. You are the prettiest girl that I ever did see. So you ask that Lady: Will you marry me? 
Well? 
Well, thoughts on the list?  
Great, so a simple yes or no would have sufficed.  
And? What are your thoughts on the list?  
Or are they? 
Alrighty. 
Heh heh heh. NOT. Bad movie, (Amir pumps his vest) bad you. 
Nooo, it's jeans. 
Woah, hotty! (snort) 
Owch. 
Your period, we know. 
17 is fine Julie, she's 17. 
Holy shit a star is born! Everybody Shia Labeouf is in the house, and he's ready to take the floor. 
You're a God! You're an A-list God! 
You once made out with Megan Fox's box on the set of Transformers the first, you humble bitch. Brag a little! You've earned it! (Chuckling, then whisper) Shia-it. 
You mean Streeter Pie-Fell, as in a Pie Fell, in your mouth, and you pretty much... loved it. (Chuckling) 
Editor in cheese? (snort) You wish you were in cheese. 
Is everything. 
This man needs no introduction, and if you don't know who he is (points to the door) get the fuck out. 
You're more than that. You're a generous man, you're a kind soul, and you're engaged. A family man, everyone. 
Yeah, Paul also said that his favorite movie was Con Air but nobody called him out on that! 
Allow me to give Jake's interesting fact, we're in love. 
And you deserve to win it in fifth. 
Alright, my turn. 
My name is Amir Valerie Blumenfeld, I am an unpaid consultant for this company, I once killed an innocent child, and I love mini-golf. (Mimes putting the ball) It was not on purpose, but it's something that I live with, every day. (Winks) 
That's right! I once shot 3 holes in one in a row it wasn't an accident either, the killing. 
I am a monster. On the golf course I take no prisoners. Also I will never un-see that child's face. Every blink is a reminder and every time my eyes aren't open she's just in my minds eye, taunting me. (Makes a scary face). Bleh. 
How could you do that? Crystal Skull? We saw that, it was garbage! I killed a child? (Amir starts crawling to where Michael is sitting across the table). Yeah, well you killed a franchise! 
Oh hell naw. 
(Sassily) Sorry. 
(Off screen) Ooooooh my, my, my stomach. (Lying on floor) Milk Man please! A tall glass of your least expired milk! 
That's good. 
Mmm, even better. 
I'm okay for now, I think... 
Yeah? 
Yeah? 
MOM?! 
MOM?! 
Hash-hash-hooms. Hash-hash-hooms.  
That's not fair.  
What's the good? 
Ohhh! What's the bad? 
Oy vey iz mir! 
He said no more milk! 
Just give him the milk! 
Sure. 
By the what? 
It's by the what? 
What is it by? 
Let's do it! 
MMMMMPH! MMMMPH! 
(Singing) I had a bad day, I took-a one down, I sang a sad song just to turn it around... 
It's kinda hard to be sure, I was too busy being BOUND AND GAGGED FOR THE LAST 20 MINUTES ON ACCOUNT OF ALL THE EMAILS I SENT! 
... EMAIL OF THE FUCKING YEAR. 
Yeah, exactly, it's a Korean pop song. 
And guess what Kevin got in response? A heaping helpful of radio silence. 
They didn't have to tell me twice. 
Low blow? HELL NO! 
Yeah. 
BAH, BAA! And guess what happened next... my neck was stapled! 
WORST. DAY. EVER. 
Yeah.  
I wanted to diffuse the situation! 
That's my email signature!} 
Oh, he got me again! The prick hit me again! Did ya see that, with the stapler?! 
Get out of here, save yourself, I can take it! (Jake flees, Amir is hit with a brick.) Ooh, hit me square! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and you're right, I am a loser. 
All right. 
Oh, yellow, colonel mustard. (chuckles) Yellow, colonel mustard. (laughs) Hello, turtle mushroom. 
I'll take that as a condiment. 
Nyarr! 'Twas a fine costume indeed. However... 
Coincedence? I think nyarr! 
It happened by chance. Happenstance. It happens, Nance! 
Oh, really, that's a limerick? Because last time I checked limericks were an AABBA rhyme scheme. 
Exqueese me! 
Ex- No, yes, exqueese me. 
I'm saying exqueese me. 
Ex- 
Exqueese me. 
(snorts) First of all, that's a lie, second of all, I was doing it to triple-check the safety of the school, it's not like your parents were gonna do shit about it. 
Fine, no more bomb threats, Adolf. 
(snorts) You know, in some weird, fucked up, twisted way, I'd actually be happy if people thought that. 
No, I'm serious. (snorts) In my messed up mind, like I can delude myself into thinking that you called me in a mustard costume and asked me to wear this. 
Actually, if you want to know the whole truth, I saw a doctor this weekend, a psychotherapist specializing in manic depression and acute schizophrenia, and, uh, he I guess diagnosed me, for lack of a better term, with having these delusions of grandeur and, uh, made it quite abundantly clear to me that, without medication, that you just got punked, bitch! Ha, ha ha, these costumes were a coincidence! 
No don't do it, it's a trap! 
We goin' ham! 
This is a charity drop off right, for hurricane sandy? 
So I'm dropping off this piece of ham. 
It's the least I can do! 
That's not true, I could've eaten more, brought less. 
What about all these water bottles, are you giving people shit about bringing that? 
No, because you hate me! 
Actually, little known fact, it was water that caused all the damage to begin with. 
If you don't accept this ham, I'm going to have no choice but to, to, to throw it away.  
What?! I'm not going to just toss it. 
I'm crying! 
I'm beefing! 
Beefing over the ham! 
Yeah well it's a lot younger than you are! 
What am I supposed to do now man? Huh? I'm starting to think that you won't even accept ham! 
No. 
I already set up a fund okay! I'm good on that front! 
Yeah! 
For 1000 dollars, I'll lick my own butt! 
This is a shame of me. Yeah, it really is... 
It's a sh..yeah, yeah I'm 
No. 
No... I've n...I didn't say that. 
Yeah, I just feel like the tables are turning not in my favour... 
What? The tables are turning? Yes it is.. 
Woah. 
Bad joke, No. Bad you! 
Okay, how about this? I will give you one dollar back, keeping the four as a go fuck yourself fee for making me feel like shit for donating water and ham! 
Now, I know what you're thinking, why donate? Good question, you don't have to.  
Well I'm just saying, show both sides of the argument! 
(singing) That don't impress me much. 
Alright, before we get started, can we just agree not to scream or yell to much.  I want this to be a footmall match, not a scream fest. 
NOOOOO!!!  OH, I MADE CHEETOS FOR THIS! 
What, do you have a foot fetish, man? Heh heh. (to Kelly) I do. 
Wait a minute, there are bones in this nugget!  There are HUMAN bones in this nugget. 
Nice try!  Humans don't have wings.  That is a ring finger if I've ever seen one.  It's a freaking phalange or something.  I took AP Bio. 
Wow, NOW you wanna know more about me. 
I cannot believe I ate people.  Kelly, great news, you're now dating a cannibal. 
Chickens don't have bones.  They have nuggets and beaks, Einstein!  (slaps Jake on the forehead) 
Sorry about that. 
3rd and long, huh?  My schlong is long. 
Alright, you know what, no.  Social experiment time.  I'm gonna write down a joke on a piece of paper, and Jake's gonna say it.  Cuz I really think the only reason you guys aren't laughing at my jokes now, i mean, you have some weird fucking vendetta against me or something.  I mean, it's gotta be me, right?  Speaking of 'N Sync, (singing) it's gotta be me. 
Fuck this room 
Alright, Jake, here we go, read it. 
Read the joke. 
Uh heh heh...wow, I guess we both suck ass at delivering gold jokes, heh heh, right?  Unless, is Kelly laughing? (he pushes Jake and Vince against the couch so he can look at Kelly)  No?  Okay, she looked like she was... 
Ok. 
Ohmygod, ohmygod, change the channel, (covering eyes) I can't even look, I can't handle the pressure! 
I know, but I don't know which one gets out the most stains.  Is it Tide?  Please don't tell me, don't tell me.  Is it Tide, though? 
Ohhh, tell me when it's over. 
Heh heh, wow.  You're a chick.  Hmm hmm.  Let the boys talk about sports, sweetheart. 
Oh really, when was the first Super Bowl? 
He gets...paid...heh heh. 
I already answered your question, so give me another unless you wanna get (Amir holds up the pen.  Jake and Vince grab his arm.  Kelly and Vince scream.) 
How old is Ellie [sic] Manning? 
Pass.  Name the first football coach for the Giants? 
I don't know science shit.  I know history shit, but I don't know science shit. 
Yeah, but I got a 1, ya fucking nimrod. 
Nah, that's ancient history. 
That is way too recent, that's not trivia. 
I don't have to play this game with you anymore, cuz you're clearly cheating, the Jacksonville Jaguars. 
Alright, you know what, lightning round, first one to touch the coffee table wins.  (Amir touches the beer) Ooooooooo! 
NOOOOO!  I just lost to a girl at trivia, and she's crippled. 
Oh!  I've been pretty into voyeurism recently...watching people, you know, fuck and shit, stuff like that.  Spending a lot of time by the window of my apartment with a weird combination of binocs, a telescope and some mirrors.  Heh heh.  Just getting drunk on Riesling, sitting on a stool, with a bottle of Viagra in one hand and a bottle of Jergens in the other, just waiting for something (in air quotes) romantic (end air quotes) to happen. Heh.  Some nights when nothing pans out, I'll just wait and wait and wait for a husband to come home and kiss his wife on the cheek and that's enough, i'm like, fuck it, I'm going at it.  I tie a belt around my neck and I'm just fucking strangling msyelf- 
I can't- yeah- I'm like out of breath, just struggling- 
Anyone want a sausage or something, like a bratwurst? 
Cool, go make it yourself, then. 
No, I know, but why don't you go get it yourself?  If you want something, why don't you go get it?  Huh?   
It's called the art of being active.  If you want something- 
I'm serious.   
(offering his neck to Kelly)Right here in my fucking trach. 
Hey, you're watching me and Amir. 
Erection day, so cast your bone, it's not that hard-on. 
Because I made a joke?! 
You know, in some states, the presidential race is a foregone conclusion, so New York and Alabama, thanks but no thanks, you don't need to vote. 
Then I'd be a genius. Okay, convincing an entire state not to vote? I should be president. 
Barack Obama? More like Yitzchak Osama. Okay, that guy's a Jew and an Arab and you mean to tell me religion has no part in this election? (Jake leaves) Where are you going? Afraid of the truth? 
Mitten Romney? I'm smitten, Homney.  
And Paul Ryan, we are tryin', but nobody's Biden their time quite like our vice president, Joseph Dan Quayle. 
Never said I was. 
Okay, I know it's a two-party system, but what about the candidate nobody's talking about, Mitt Romney. 
When? 
Oh, yeah that was funny. 
Voting isn't hip, but you know what is? A rap, so give me a beat. (rapping) Politics is a polish-dick so cast your vote on this pink (censored) 
Censorer! I sense you're a censorer, sir, who censored my words, so rest assured I'm incensed, for sure! 
Thank you. 
Exactly right, so, for example, Barack Hossein Osama, wow, yeah, he stands for socialism, and Mitt Mone-y, ha ha, he stands... for socialism. 
Oh my God, let me bail you out, brother, so get out there and vote for your favorite candidate today. Huh. 
Wait, let me try one more I wasn't blinking. 
So, get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday. Ahh-bululah. So get out there and vote for your favorite candidate di- (sighs) It is harder than it sounded. Three, two one. 
So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, (simultaneously) diday, diday. Ahh-bululah 
Say it slower. Favorite- 
(simultaneously) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday- Ahh, ha, ha, ha! 
One second. Candiday. I'm not even saying that one word right. 
Get your VDD Di- Oh my God, I'm thinking about something else. 
Ahhhh! It's like a ffffff- I'm pissed off now! Candiday-di- (turns around and walks) Whoo! 
So get out there and vote for your candiday-diday! 
I think both of them work. Okay, ready? Three, two, one. Get out there and vote. Blululehh. Let me take it slow and we can speed it up. 
(more slowly, enunciating) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday.  
Don't! I said I needed two minutes. 
Candidate. Not even closer. 
(quickly) Get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, oh my God. (clapping syllables) Favorite candidate-to date.  
Candidididay. 
Candidididay. 
Oh! 
That's okay. Yeah, yeah, I needed that.  
I feel like I got it now. Get out there and vote for your favorite candidaydiday. When you hit me, something messed me up, man. 
Oh, I'm in college, I didn't register, I can't vote. Wrong! 
(raising mug of tea) That sounds like Tea Party philosophy to me. (dumps tea on Jake) 
I told you we could be naked! 
Oh 
Is it something I said, or did? 
Yeah, that explains why everybody's been acting coy to me since 2003 
What are you doing here, Doobs? 
So quiet up, Huddy! 
No! 
Now how am I to make fun of him? 
Mr Goose 
whoah, short shorts 
Yes he is! 
Yes he is! 
Wow 
Shh it's brilliant. 
Hello, Mrs Doobs! 
No! 
Stop. 
Don't! 
No! 
No, you're off script! 
Gahhh, I'll kill you! 
Brava! 
*monotone* I am a robot, you're watching Jake... 
OKAY. 
Happy Post-Turkey Day, eveyone! Who wants 5 liters of piping-hot split pea soup? Or, should I say, shit pee poop? *laughs* No, I'm just jok-oh no! Ah! *falls over, pours soup on face* ARGH! FUCK, IT'S BOILING! 
AH, IT'S BOILING MY FACE AND NECK! AAH, IT'S SO HOT! AAH! 
No, it's not going to do anything! I prank call them all the time! 
I do it from your phone! 
I crank-yanked them last night with that exact line! I said, please come, I legitimately burned my face this time! They show up, there's a flaming pile of dog shit on my own apartment stoop. Got 'em good. 
Nah, not really. They just left and a huge part of my apartment burned down. Can you do me a favor? 
I'd like to stay with you in order to recoup from this injury. I need you to be my nurse for a week. 
What? You already said yes! How could you take it back now? 
Yeah, what is yes! Why would you want to know what the favor is unless you were going to do it? 
No! Hell no! 
This is unreal! This was your soup! 
I made this soup for you, right? I called you last night and I said, if I brought in leftover split pea soup, would you have some? 
Exactly! And then I said, if you're not going to have it, then I'm just not going to bring any in, and you said fine. 
No, fine as in yes! 
Are you actually yelling at me right now? I feel like I'm being burnt alive in a cauldron, or a bowl of hot soup was dumped on my face. 
*sigh* I'm starting to regret this whole plan. 
I figured if I scalded myself on my most important organ,  my face... 
For most people it's heart, for me, it's face. 
I figured if I doused myself in hot soup, you'd want to bring me in. Show me some tender love and care, y'know? Maybe rent some DVDs from Blockbuster Media. I would even eat some leftover yams that you would offer me. I don't really like yams, but I wouldn't have the heart to tell you. 
I hate 'em. I hate yams! 
....YAMS. 
No, no, I don't want to do it like this. I don't want that pity invite! 
This isn't about me. 
That is not fair. 
Okay, y'know what? I accept the pity offer. You've made me feel like shit, and so I will accept the pity offer, but I will NOT eat the yams. 
I will not eat the yams, Amir! 
...YAMS. 
Very cool. 
Are you mad at me? 
That's not what I said. 
I agree. Look, I'm sorry I couldn't respond to your text messages as to whether or not you should buy those pants, but I was with my mom. 
My mom was in a car accident and so my entire family was with her in the hospital. 
Look, I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say. 
Thank you. 
Yeah, it's just so weird to see this -  
Huh? No, it had cell phone service. 
No, I had cell phone reception, I jus- 
I just couldn't respond, okay, because I was- 
I was in the waiting room, yes. 
No, I didn't have my dick in my -  
No, I was not. 
I was on my phone, okay? I was starting this phone tree, you know, trying to alert every member of my family as to what happened. 
I don't know what to say.  I guess I got punked.  It's just that I'm also in emotional pain, too, right now, man. 
Fine, I ignored the text. 
I thought you said you didn't like the pants. 
Offensive. 
Can't you just return the corduroys?  
The hospital's calling me. 
I haven't picked it up yet. 
Fine. (to phone) Hey, can I call you back? (Amir hangs up) 
I hung up on them! 
I told them I'd call them back! 
No! 
Yeah, I might.  Probably, yes. 
She's not dead. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and a BEARD 
Well, your beard's not nice. 
Wha? You've gotta be shitting me with this. 
This is not how I wanted to start my day. 
So the bitch barked a bit! 
And for that, I deserve this, this... silent treatment? 
Silence. 
I'm starting to think that I shouldn't have even brought Rotem in to work! 
That's the name of the pup! 
I feared her that day.... 
She is an angry bitch. But she is calm. 
I couldn't.... 
I couldn't.... 
I got the mut three weeks ago at a friggin bake sale! Yea, how do you like that? I'm sitting there trying to gank a muffin and quesant. 
What, quesant? 
It's a French word! 
So I'm tryna gank a quesant and steal an empanada- 
-When all of a sudden I'm attacked by this, by this, by this- 
-This beast outta hell. She starts gnawing at my ankle and biting on my thigh meat and I thought, "I have to have her." I said, "Look, no ones gonna love you, including me." 
I had her in my basement for a fortenight  
yeah just feeding her live rabbits, showing her pictures of other dogs and punching her in the throat, kicking her in the schnozzle. 
The nozzle, whatever the frick it’s called! 
Long story shorts whips out pair of shorts 
I inadvertently trained the she-bitch to hate the sight of other dogs and to love the taste of blood. 
Abusing a dog and setting it up as a ‘killing machine’ for my personal fucked up reasons is illegal? 
Who’s the dog gonna tell because last time I checked, Rotem can’t talk! 
Exactly. 
What are you doing? 
I hope you’re calling to turn yourself in for being dirt! 
Oh my god, you called us friends! 
Saying your name loud and my name quite, huh?  Nice. 
No! And don't say anything, okay? 
That's a spoiler! 
(Laughing) Yes! That's a spoiler. To say, that's insane it spoils the experience. 
I know, but now I feel like someone's going to die or something. 
Oh my god! 
That sandwich looks really good, actually. 
Give Daddy a bite. 
What? 
You're going? 
What did I do? 
(Overlapping) What? I asked you for a bite of your sandwich? Oh no, I asked you for a bite! 
Yeah, daddy. It's a joke. It's a joking nickname.  
On my god. You are reading so much into it.  
(Overlapping) Okay. Can I have a bite, bro? Can I have a bite, cuz? Can I have a bite, aunt? Can I have a bite, uncle? Can I have a bite, nephew? 
UNACCEPTABLE?! To say bro? Are you kidding me? Everyone calls each other that! 
(Overlapping) Bro is fine, okay. So we're on the same generational level. So why don't I give you a list? I'll give you a family tree and you give me a pre-approved list of what I can call you and what I cannot. Daddy: X. Mommy: X. Bro: Okay, that's fine. Cuz: That's fine. So everything on my generational level is fine. 
I'm angry? You're about to leave! 
Because it s- it was not even sexual. 
(Overlapping) I guess now it grosses you out because you think it's a sexual thing. (In a mocking sexy tone) Give Daddy a bite. Give Daddy a bite. I wasn't even saying it like- 
(Overlapping) What? Because I'm saying it's not a thing makes it a thing? Okay. So, this is not a computer. I guess that makes it a computer. Is that how it works? 
(Drops a coin) I want to drop it but you're turning this into a bigger deal than it already is! 
What? 
(Overlapping) Oh my God. Veins in my neck. Ooo. Wow. They're gay too. I guess you're freaked out by them because they're calling you daddy.  
So you're going to leave? 
(Overlapping) You're just going to take off for the rest of the day because I called you a nickname? How's that going to work? (Mimic being on the phone) Oh sorry, I'm going to work from home today. Yeah. Amir called me a thing. I guess I'm freaked out and I don't want to be here anymore. If that freaks you out. If that little amount of stuff freaks you out then maybe you shouldn't be here maybe you shouldn't be at work. Because in this environment people call each other nicknames all the time! 
(With sandwich bite in mouth) I got it. 
(Still with bite and sunglasses on over glasses) I guess Daddy wins! 
2011 y'all! 
It's called butt chugging, and last time I checked, it wasn't disgusting. 
Top ten wines to butt chug! 
By Amir [long bleep is heard and Amir's mouth is censored] Blumenfeld. 
Number ten! I'll say it again. If the taste is heinous, shove it up your anus! you'll get drunk better, faster, stronger. 
Number nine, that's wine and dine! A Chardonnay and a fish fillet, blend it up, dinner and a drink, now that won't stink. 
To each, her own. 
I'm the life and death, of every party. 
Number seven, is Levant. That's right, I soak a full body bread in a Jewish rye bread, and this ass, gets fed. Aka, you freeze the loaf and chisel off little suppositories that you stick inside your ass all night like little Tic-Tacs. 
Yeah! 
Number six, it's for dicks! Take a Capri-Sun straw and stick it in your urethra. With a reverse piss, you can't miss. 
With honors, sir. 
Number five, P. nomwar? More like p. yes. - Lar. 
Woah 
Oh. 
No? 
It didn't. 
Number four. One Tequila, two Tequila, three Tequila, sore. Ow, if your anus ain't bruised all night, then you ain't funnelin' right. 
Number three, you and me. Sippin' on some English tea. 
Oh, no, no, no. We're sipping it through our assholes. 
Number two, how about some Yoo-hoo where you poo-poo. That's right, it's already wet and brown downtown, mamma mia, that's some diarrhea! 
No. 
How is that your call to make? 
That's so illogical to me. 
Yeah. 
Not fair. 
I'm almost done with the list. 
Number one, have some fun in the sun hun. Bring your ass to the beach, and flop it down like a leech. Put your knees by your ears, but don't feed your butt beers. Not Vodka nor Gin, no those can't go in. Spread your butt cheeks wide, stick that funnel inside, now wait for the tide you're going for a ride. You're a full grown guy, with a tight brown eye, so make sure your lips are sealed, and your rectum is peeled. Which alcohol is best, for your asshole that stretch? Not red nor white, nor Captain Morgan's Delight, no. What will save the day? Oh you don't say? it's: drum roll please. 
A simple Rose. 
Thank you. 
Not 'till I celebrate, [takes out a glass of blended fish and alcohol, and a funnel], with a number nine. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, unless you're my parents in which case, you're NEVER watching it. 
Yeah 
I like that you called me a buddy. 
What are we playing? 
Nooo, you can't physically force me to leave, so let's figure something out. 
Ahh, please don't! 
Fine. 
Doubtful. 
Fine. 
Good. 
(mocking) Oh no, I can't play. (Normal) Ah ha ha, yeah, I just wanna be here next to you.  That's fine. 
Wait, before you guys start... 
It's a question.  I wanna ask a question. 
You mean did you speak it.  You can't talk it, you don't say did can talk it, you moron. 
Does anyone want sandwiches?  There.  That's my question.  God forbid I ask it! 
Oh what a surprise, Streeter wants a sandwich.  Oh wait, that's not a surprise.  The way he's bigger than anyone else is that he eats sandwiches more frequently than the average person. 
Ten dollars, everybody give me ten dollars. 
I'm BUYING them.  I just don't want to PAY FOR THEM, you grammar Nazi.  Who here thinks I'm right? 
I like word play.  I've always been the kind of girl who's been like Hmmm, I don't know, CAN you go to the bathroom? Heh. 
I like this one.  Her skin's a little greasy and her eyebrows are WAY too thick, but she's fun, and I think she likes me, too. 
It was then that I realized I was narrating along the entire time. Did the grease princess hear what I had to say about her eyebrows.  We may never know? 
My mind was racing. 
Yes, he is very big. 
Okay, give me one more chance!  Give me one more chance!  If I make one joke that makes everybody here crack the fuck up, then I get to stay and play. 
Because if I don't, if my joke falls flat, then I will leave you alone for the rest of your life. 
(singing) When there's something gay in your neighborhood, who you gonna call?  Nutbusters! 
[half-whispering] Hello, fellow astronaut accountants! Jocelyn here. We are reporting live from Ace's closet. It sounds like Ace has [Amir presses his ear to the door, hears moaning] some sort of girl over, but I'm sure they won't mind we... interrupt. 
Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space and Jocelyn! Astronaut accountants and they're comin' to your face! If you love that shit, say naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah nah nah-- Hey-- Mom, close the door! 
...No. 
No, you gotta go like that; [waggles his finger] you didn't k-- 
We're in trouble, Ace! Earth's closest planet, the moon, needs us. 
I'm always taping you, Ace! I'm always taping you. 
[simultaneously] No! Get off of me! What are you doing? Oh, your hands smell like Vaseline! 
The city looks so calm... but it's in trouble, Ace. 
Will you just play along? Okay? You already did the dance, y-- 
Yeah! 
It's too obvious! It's too obvious. 
The plan is there's a nuclear reactor down by the river. I say we go down there, and try to defuse it! 
It's not indoors! It's outdoors. Okay? Stick to the script, and you will go there in a T-shirt for this insubordination! 
Unless you want me to leak the footage of you jer-- 
No no no, it's probably... at the bottom of the river. You should go in and check it out. 
Well clearly you don't have a problem being filthy! Right? I have footage on here that shows you not having a problem being filthy, and I can go back upstairs and friggin' upload it! 
Thank you, Ace! Thank you. 
Alright. Three, two, one, action! 
That was epic, man. I totally recorded it-- Oh, shit... 
Uhh, well, good news and bad news, heh jump in the river again! Yay! That was... fun. The bad news is, due to a camera malfunction, the, um... the footage was sort of lost. Not human error-- 
N-- ow! Stop-- high-fiving my-- face! 
Yeah. I'm gonna delete it... Either that, or I'll do you one better! 
Naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah naaah nah n-nah nah nah, nah-- 
Ever had a shit day? I've had a shit life. 
Bad birthday, nah. Bad you! 
I've been alive for almost a decade now- 
And I have nothing to show for it, save for a few successful business ventures and a lovely wife! 
Kick me while I'm down why don't you? 
I just got a letter from myself. Sent to me when I was 12 years old as part of a sixth grade class project where every student was supposed to send a letter to your future self. Turns out, every single student sent a letter to me. Yeah, 28 different letters that all start out with the same sentence: I hope you're not alive to read this. How do you think that makes me feel? 
Wrong! ...Like shit! 
Oh, this one's a gem, alright, you're gonna love this one. 
Dear Amir, I hope you're not alive to read this. So, you have a black heart and no brain. You're ruthless mean and dumb. P.S. Do the Bills ever win the superbowl?  Ha ha ha ha ha ha! 
That one's from the teacher! 
MS. Nesbit actually, she would have been pissed at you.  
You want one from a mean tween though? Meaner than you've ever seen? Well I got one for you, Mr. Bean. 
Dear Amir, I hope you're not alive to read this. Every day my dad gives me poison to sneak into your thermos of soup.  All I want for my birthday is the courage to finally kill you. He said you're dad is an evil man and he's raising you to be the spawn of Satan. Love, Penis Anthony Doubineux. P.S. Go Bills. Can you believe I knew a kid with the last name Doubineux? 
How do you know Doobs? 
Letter the third from my best friend Kyle. Dear Amir, DIE, Go Bills, Love Kyle.  
No. 
Niagara Falls actually. My mom is a French-Canadian queen and my dad is an Army rat.  
Mainly a rat coward who went AWOL during his time at Vietnam. Faked his own death now twice but thrice during the span of 18 months and gave away the names and locations of over 1000 of his comrades.  
Yeah! For the he received the black heart. Congressional medal of dishonor. 
Worry not. I still have my successful business ventures and a lovely wife HOLY SHIT is that NFL hall of fame quarterback and former Buffalo Bills superstar Jim Kelly? 
Mr. Kelly, sign my ball, please! 
Yup, two for dinner, heheh! 
Though usually we just eat pussy. 
Wait! 
Fine... though I think I need a martini after that whole exchange. 
Catch that? 
No 
He ditch-ditch-ditched me. 
Actually, one second. Where's the hostess? Let's call her over; she saw the whole thing. 
Fine. 
Actually, what's her name? I can just call her over. 
Perfect. Jessica! Jessica! 
You're... hurting my fingers, honestly. 
Jess! Hi. I was just telling, um... 
That's when you say your name, sweetheart. It's called flirting. [to Jessica] You saw when my best friend left, right? After I told that good joke? 
Look, I knew you thought it was funny, didn't you? For an off-the-cuff one-liner? 
Um what? 
[in a robot voice] It was fine... No it was not fine... It was good... [speaking normally] Okay, tell it like it is. All right? Obviously I wouldn't Tweet it. I have a very unpopular twitter account: USARice. Follow it if you scare! [imitating Dracula's iconic laugh] Moo ooo ahh ahh ahh... 
DO you honestly think he should have left, though? Over one joke? 
Granted! Okay? But that's almost enough out of you, so please... proceed with caution. 
And that actually is enough out of you. Thank you so much, Jessica; you're trying to be nice, but you're giving me a legit migraine right now. 
[mock laughter] It's my birthday today. [pause] Wow, suddenly the customer's always right! I'll have that martini for free now, and as for the steak, I think... no, in fact I know I'm going to be eating it off your ass. 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Woo! Yeah! That's a lawsuit. That is a lawsuit. Good news, everybody! My name's Jake Hurwitz and dinner's on me, because this establishment now owes me a million dollars! In the form of a suit. [tugs his collar] Class action! 
Yeah, it's fine! It's fine? Or do I have a video tape... of the whole frickin' thing? 
[on the iPhone] It's fine? Or do I have a video tape of the whole frickin' thing? 
Nooooo! 
I made her realize that she was being a proud little diva tramp floozy! 
That's another lawsuit! That is another lawsuit, unbelievable! Two for the price of fun! I'm rich... James, bitch! 
Forget your friends and family, this is Jake and Amir! 
Woo! Time! 
Hey. 
What? 
Oh, I didn't run.  Took a cab to work; I was just, uh, asking what time it was. [Gestures to watch] 12 
What? 
6. Idiot. 
What do you think my biggest weakness is? Correction 
No. 
No exercise gear, exactly right. 
No arm warmer.  No tank.  A lack of zero compression pants. 
I went to Sports Authority, and I got calm. 
My life has been a whirlwind ever since Passover. Yeah, my dad gave me a hundred dollar bill to go fuck myself with.  Luckily for me, they accept that at most sporting goods stores. [hits ground while doing a push-up] Ow. 
Ugh, these things never get any easier to swallow.  Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo! 
Not yet, I'm a triathlete.  As in, I'm trying to be an athlete. 
They say to dress for the job you want.  And I want a blow job. 
I'm actually pretty depressed about all this shit.  I feel like I can't get my act together at all. 
I spent the better part of a G of not my own money trying to make my old man proud.  Turns out the only thing he could be proud of, is that his son is a piece of shit. 
I like to make people laugh, you know?  Except the only problem is I'm the only joke in this room.  And what's so funny about a grown-ass loser? 
That's true.  
Thanks, man.  I needed to hear that. 
Hey, everybody 
Oppa gangnam style! 
I want to give you the job you want 
Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo! 
Woo! 
Creep. 
Feels kinda weird. 
I know, I just, I haven't kissed anybody since you killed my girlfriend. 
(to GIRL #1 as she walks away) You heard him!  Get back in the kitchen, ya idiot! 
(to GIRL #2) Hey girl, are you Enterprise?  Cuz I'll pick you up. 
More like Hertz, I guess. 
I will! 
Oh yeah? am or pm? 
Well, analog or digital?  Cuz I can't read analog. 
Well, is it the hour hand or the minute hand? 
Very cool! 
Oh. She is hot. 
Ooh yeah, she is...gone! 
Absolutely. 
OHMYGOD I'm an idiot! 
It's good to be the king. 
Huh? 
Relax dude, it's not a joint. Besides, I can afford it. 
Shit, really? [Amir takes out a folding fan and starts waving it at himself.] God damn it, fuck! Can not afford that, not today. I don't wanna get in trouble. 
Huh? 
Now that I'm a rich bitch, I can pretty much buy whatever I want. 
Yeah! 
Great question! 
How many almonds would you say is the perfect amount? 
I wanna know. 
Well, I am now the proud owner... of one almond.com. 
What? 
Sorry, let me rephrase that. How much would you say google.com is worth? 
Okay, right. And onealmond.com? 
Zero billion? Or zero dollars? 
Okay you know what? How much would you pay for courtside seats to the Yankees? Huh? Gun to your head, how much would pay for courtside seats to the Yankees? 
What, why? 
I'm invading your space. 
What is it about one almond that's just, [Laughs.] perfect? 
Don't just say "it's bad". Okay? Because it's more than just a domain name. I'm building an empire! 
Almond. 
Okay you know what? No! Just shut up, just shut the fuck up! For once you're gonna tell me what you really feel! Okay yeah because I feel like a god damn genius, but to you I'm just like... I'm tired of being a chump in your eyes! 
Hey Danny! Talked to a colleague with a more level head as you suggested and guess what? He agreed with me bitch! Haha yeah, so you can take your offer and go fuck yourself with it. Yeah, I don't care that my current attitude is closing the door for future negotiations, you know why? 'Cause you're a rat weasel. Oh! Double your offer? Double your bye bye. Double your... bye bye! Hehe, double your bye bye. 
Thanks, Will! 
You're right, Will. It's not your place. 
You Diva! You Prince! Thief! 
Not for me it's not. 
Actually it's CEOh- yeah! MR. Mr. Greenberg to you. 
Take a seat. 
What's bothering you kid? 
Well I'm kind of your boss. Right? And what you're doing is kind of affecting your performance, so unless you kinda tell me what's kinda private, I'm gonna fire you. And not in a kind of way. In an actual way. 
Oh? 
Stop it, alright, Meryl, listen to me... Your-- your life is over. 
And not in a good way, not in like a LETS START OVER kinda way, in a, uh, I MIGHT AS WELL BE DEAD kinda way. (Chuckling) Welcome to Hell. Population... two. 
Lemme ask you what does the old boyfriend have to say about this? 
Wow gay name. 
Why are you afraid of that? Why aren't you sure that he will? I mean, I'm not afraid of the sun rising and setting tomorrow because I know it's going to happen. Right? You know what else I'm sure of? You're gonna raise that baby by yourself. 
Don't cry, come on, don't cry. It's just that you're so ugly when you cry. It's true. You look ugly when you cry, I should say. 
Woo! 
No!!! 
Denied! 
Hyeah!!! 
To be honest, Paul, I didn't! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Double date. 
I thought you said you, were going to split this chick in half? 
Usher! 
No! 
Sorry, Scar-Jo. 
And I'd love to take out Scarlett Johansson. 
The script was poor. 
Nightmares? 
...an ice cream social! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and you're beautiful just the way you are. 
I was talking to you. 
Hey, you're not watching Jake and Amir! 
Reverse psychology. 
It is! 
Fur is murder! 
Oh, please... 
Oh! Very clever! Har, har, har! 
...maybe start a family with someday...I know I know someday you have a career 
THAT'S WHY I'M MARRYING YOU 
WHATS HIS NAME!!!!!! 
Agreed, except for me and you evidently, you know my mother was right, CONGRADULATIONS JAKE, you're married to a divorcee and a fiance 
And yet here we are...Officially Wed (Produces wedding certificate) Till death do we shart...HO YEAH (starts to "shart") 
(Still Sharting) It's natural baby 
It's a coincidence 
Here comes the tadpole, just one, little, guppy, flying, out of my, rectum, ohhhhhh, HI DE HO, ehehaha 
Can you believe that you have to be with this ass for the rest of your life, 
That's right there is nothing funny about sharting 
And there's a small chance that nobody will come to your funeral. 
You'll look before work! You'll look before work or I'll take it back! 
That was an idle threat you ingrate! Open the fricken drawer! Open the fricken box!-- 
Yeah! Uh... totally. The junior--? Which one's the junior conference room? 
Hey, please enjoy this very egg-cellent episode of Jake and Amir! 
Eggs! 
No, it is. Can I PayPal you the money? 
Fair. 
Oh my God. 
Say it to his face! 
Ours! 
...Gimme a hug-- 
Oh my God. 
And I will hit you up! 
Everybody relax. I am making an old-fashioned citizen's arrest! 
I am stoppin' it! I'm stoppin' the war... [tightens the plastic handcuff around Jake's wrists] on drugs! 
[with his mouth full] Mm-hmm! 
[with his mouth full] Oh, barely noticeable! 
Is it viral? 
Bull... shite! I got away with it! That video lies to you; it's propaganda! 
Frankly, my dear... [looks over the sunglasses] I don't give a damn. 
Ass 
Cowardly? (scoffs) Wow. 
I'm sorry, carry on. 
Permission granted. 
You have the floor, and more important, you have my blessing. 
Yes I see I have put you in a prisoner's dilemma. 
I'm sorry, time out, let's change the language, let's rebrand this thing OK? Why call him a coward - it's negative and hateful. 
Let's call him a brazen vandal. 
I'm just saying if we changed the attitude a little bit, maybe this Banksy motherfucker will reveal his identity. 
Ever heard of a street artist? 
He's a street fartist. 
It's not! Alright he may not be the hero that this office deserves but he's the hero that this office needs right now. Anyway, as you were. (gestures to Paul to continue) 
Security tapes? 
And what? Make him a martyr? Put him on a pedestal so that we have copycat shitters throughout the office? No, absolutely not! 
Don't say his name! 
OK fine let's look at the tapes but just know that if I'm in it, I'm not doing anything wrong I'm merely trying to UNDO what this heroic vandal coward was doing...(to Paul) The tapes, please. 
No! 
NOOOOOO! 
...Gimme a hug-- 
Oh my God. 
And I will hit you up! 
Everybody relax. I am making an old-fashioned citizen's arrest! 
I am stoppin' it! I'm stoppin' the war... [tightens the plastic handcuff around Jake's wrists] on drugs! 
You're driving down the road; make sure to pay... the scroll! 
I got the cure for the common scroll! 
Stop being such an ass-scroll. 
[reading from the scroll] "Top ten ways to celebrate this country's birthday, AKA 
You're driving down the road; make sure to pay... the scroll! 
I got the cure for the common scroll! 
Stop being such an ass-scroll. 
[reading from the scroll] "Top ten ways to celebrate this country's birthday, AKA 
...Gimme a hug-- 
Oh my God. 
I'm sorry, do I have swag? 
And enough said! 
Exactly, the fact that you didn't answer right away with an enthusiastic voice yes means obviously I don't! 
Hahaha...wow that's the nail in my metaphorical -for now- coffin. 
And [singing] I dream of California-- 
Sorry. 
Alright, trick, don't kill my vibe. 
I'm serious! 
I'm on a bus and, it's going fast and... 
That's not how the rap goes. 
Why are you pledging a frat? 
Want to know a cute little life-hack? [wipes his mouth] If you're interested. 
It'll save you time and money, let alone effort, and... did I mention c-c-c-c-c-c-cash? 
Ahh, thank you Streeter! Please don't eat me! 
"Nice"? You mean "rice", or so you wish! 
So! [chuckles, waves] The name's Amir, but you can call me Jake-- 
--and, uh... who here has a guess as to what my talent is? 
Relax, dude, I'm on vacation, okay? Don't make me regret traveling with you. 
And? 
Wow, way to be ambitious! 
Ha! This is fun. Just two best friends watching hotel television together. [chuckles] We both cherish this shit. 
Oh my God, congratulations! It took you thirty seconds for you to make me feel like garbage-trash today! That's a record! 
And the shit just keeps on... [points to his gums] 
That's right! [flips the remote in the air] Diva! [smacks Jake with it] 
Hey, let's go swimming. 
Hot tub? 
Though if you ask me? We already found our leading lady. 
Cancel it. Sweetheart. Please. Okay? You're as healthy as a clam. We will call you. 
Never. Holy shit, that was awful right? 
NEXT! 
How does it feel like? I'm serious, how does it feel like? 
Geez, relax! 
(Laughs) 
Good question. 
Wow! Recording intros without me- 
Touche 
Hey! What's the capital of Cleveland? 
What's the capital of Cleveland- 
N to the ose E! 
Well, you know my cousin Leeron, right? 
...anyway, his ex-boyfriend, Parm... 
Yeah, dude, it's 2013, why is that of note to you? 
Yeah, he has ki- Uh- I'm sorry, no- 
So gay people can't have children, is that what you're saying? Is that your little agenda? 
No, I'm serious, if gay people having children freaks you out this much- 
Then you have a lot of soul searching to do 
Yeah, you really do. 
And my lucky number is sixty-nine! [chuckles] 
Okay. 
Oh! Got a spell of good news in an otherwise... quite shitty week. 
I don't have to be nice to anyone anymore. 
Yeah, well now I'm rich about it! 
Ever heard of the lottery, jackass? 
Well I just found out about it yesterday! 
Either way, I just won the goddamn jackpot! So call me whatever you want. [chuckles] 
[picking at the scabs on his nose] Enough with the name-calling! 
I'm serious. 
I'm not trying to! It obviously itches like a bitches! 
Either way, I'm serious about the lottery thing, man. I-- I beat the system on that; I really did. 
Well, you know how everyone only buys one lottery ticket? 
Jake, can you get that? 
Oh. Thank you! Ass! 
[dressed as Supermen, pointing into the distance] It's a bird! It's a place! No, it's Superman! 
It's Superman. 
Oppa sad. Alright? Oppa leads a... a sad-style life. 
Yeah, he really does. 
[in a Ben Franklin costume] I have a dream... 
What? No, I thought this was George W! 
...Thank you. 
[in a zombie costume] Do you know why I like to eat brains? 
[in a skeleton costume] So this one kind of works as, like, a two-person costume. 
Skeleton guy, and, uh... whatever the hell you want to wear! [chuckles] 
Oh my God, you're calling me out on all my bullshit today. And I love you for it! [laughs, kisses Jake's head] What are you, on your period or something? 
Aw, shit! Ass! 
Jesus. 
[in the shocker costume] Ass! 
Unless... 
Okay. 
And no answer from the peanut gallery! [saluting] Salut! So I will just assume-- 
I know. Never mind. 
I know he gets paid, ass. It just seems real or some shit, like he frickin' loves the pizza. 
Forget it. 
[yelling] Forget it because you don't know what the fuck you're talking about... ass! 
He's gonna, like, choke, he's eating them so fast! I swear to God! 
[yelling] That's what I'm asking you! 
Fine. [pause] Eli Manning for sure loves Dunkin' Donuts, okay? 
That much at least is true! 
Yes yes yes! For sure, for sure, for sure! Whether he got paid for that ad in-- in donuts or money-- 
[pointing at Jake] Want to know how I know he loves donuts? Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts? 
Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts? 
[smiling, pointing at his face, talking in a singsong tone] The proof is in the smile! ...Dipshit! 
We should do that again-- ...what? 
I'm happy. 
Who wants free comedy? 
[laughing] Alright. 
Or you can press stop and sta... 
I'm just saying, it's an option 
Aah, dating apps! Rollcall! Go! 
I have 'Tinder', 'Hinge', 'Grindr', 'Minge', 'OKCupid', 'OKStupid', 'Whatsapp'.. 
They're all dating applications, if you know how to be a pimp! [tilts iPhone, smirkingly] 
Not as of yet, nay! 
Like an alley... or... my face. 
Thoughts on this guy? [Amir shows Jake the iPhone screen] Would you let him... 
Excuse you! 
You're just pissed, 'cause it works! 
Not really, no, but you'd know that when you called me evil, did ya? 
Oh, made ya flinch! 
I lost a nut! How does that even happen, right? I, I swear I'm having the weirdest year. Ha 
California, knows how to farty. 
Stop yelling! 
Spotify playlist! [laughs] You don't need that farce, when you have an encyclopedic knowledge of music... and perfect pitch! 
Name a song. Any song, and I can sing it. 
Never heard of it. Pass. 
Pass... ass! 
It's a-- a cappella version, or something! 
[singing off-key] La-la-monster, I'm a monster... I'm a-- pass. 
Thank you. 
There it is! ...A monster! 
[in a weird voice] Oh hey there! 
[emptying a 5-hour Energy Shot into his bottle] Oh, no thanks. I think I'm good! 
I butt-chugged a Dasani! At the Mason-Dixon line! 
I'm blind. 
How long before I feel the high? [singing] And speaking of pipes, I'm high! 
[singing] Shot through the heart! [laughs] We should do blow coke tonight. I'm serious, dude. [grabbing Jake's hand, interlocking their fingers] I know a guy. 
You think I can name ten thousand people? 
Easy. Bill Clinton. Bill Nye! ...Um... what's-his-face. The, uh... fucking guy. 
Fucking what's his name? 
He won an Oscar? And a pretty good one! Scorcheh? ...Mike Scorch, or some shit like that. 
How many is that? 
That's it. Scorzizzy. 
So, uh... [pause] oh! Duh. My fucking dad! ...Your dad! 
I don't know their names. I said I can say ten thousand people! Say! 
'Cause I know their names too! 
Merith! 
Mart! 
How about you're the scorekeeper! So shut your trap-- 
--and say what my score is! 
You know I've had a shit life, man. 
Thank you, Mother Teresa. 
[picking up Jake's card] Ace of spades! Found it! 
Also, I thought of a few new names. 
Um... Ace... Spade? 
Bonjour you're watching Jaques un Ami. 
Oui 
Easily how! 
Dinosaurs, better movie! 
Yeah, every sequel is better than the original. 
Oh, no... you're wrong. [Amir laughs for too long] 
What? 
It's really funny 
I wish we could just live on the road or something 
In fact, ok. Your wish is my command 
[Amidst choking] You're welcome, you're actually, quite welcome 
Now we're stuck together! Oh, I think the bitch went down the wrong pipe or something! Sideways wo be sure 
Cool it, alright [chokes] I've actually, I think I've lost my appetite 
Easy Dr. Oz, you don't wear greed well 
I feel like we're not even having a conversation about a key anymore! 
I feel like this this this this shit has been brewing under the surface for over a Coons age! 
Absolutely excuse you! 
Trip fun?! I didn't even want to go to LA, I wanted to say in New York! Bitch 
No? I chose the city out of a hat! 
Impossible 
Because everybody would have moved to LA 
You're gum! 
So did I! 
Granted! [Tries to bring up the key by puking] 
One key, one wish, coming right up 
Pussy! 
Pah! Nothing! 
Good, Cant fickin' wait!... Coons age! 
[in pain] Oh, oh oh oh owwww! 
Alright, she's ready 
You have the key, you dig it out! 
That awkward moment when you realize it's not that grand of a canyon. 
And she is canyon. I'm just saying... that awkward moment when you realize it's not that big of a canyon. 
Oh yeah! 
No! 
Thank you, thank you, thank you. 
Did you miss me? 
Fine. Jeez. Heh, ouch. 
Where the fuck have you been? 
What am I talking about? You weren't here last week! ...So I assumed you'd be gone forever! 
I guess not clear enough! 
Forget it, okay? What... what printer are you connected to? 
[leaning over Jake's computer and pointing, screaming] Printer! What printer are you connected to? 
Don't tell me...! [trails off into high-pitched, incredulous laughter] 
Don't tell me you're not connected to a printer! 
Wow, hamming it up much! 
Diva! 
Holy guac! These Bitcoin things are ridinky-donky! I gotta have one, b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bad! 
Hey, this episode of Jake and Amir is a slam dunk! [chuckles] 
Swish! 
Start spreading the 'Cuse! I'm leaving Duke-- 
Me like Arizona, but me have a soft spot in my heart for mid-major darling Wichita State! 
Enough. 
Creighton barreled their way past Bed, Bath, and B. Young! 
Brigham Young! 
Anus! 
Let's see, you got Iona, you got Iowa... what's next? Kentoka? Or... Yukor...? 
Winda? Or some shit? I don't... [pause] You hit me in the face, dude! 
Sorry, I'm weird about violence. I just have zero tolerance about that shit. That really fucking pisses me off. 
Okay. Okay! No, keep bringing it up. 
For the final four, I'm liking UNC and that baby blue! [chuckles] Can I see you pee, and a baby poo? 
Someone has. [long pause] Someone absolutely has. 
[holding his cheek] To strike me like you did showed a lack of tact, and you came off like a classless ass, and that's the facts, Jack. 
Alright, I appreciate your attempt to mediate and alleviate what you've done to me to date, but it's a little... too little too late. 
[grunting] Come on, you little pussy! Get... ah! Aw, shit! 
Fill out a bracket, huh? I say fack it! Nah! 
Yeah, fack it. 
Fack it! Nah! 
Relax. 
Relax. 
Fuck. 
Let's get high. Right now. I swear, my picks will make more sense if we're baked! 
Alright, enough-- Hey! No eating! ...No cheating! 
[grunting] Stop! 
St. Louis, St. Joseph... what is this, a fucking, like, a... [laughs] ...I thought this... what is it, like, a-- a fucking... [making wild hand motions] 
Damn it! 
Double or nothing, okay? Anybody else's dick. Any dick. 
[collecting his and Jake's brackets] Alright, so these are them. 
Our final brackets. Let me just file them under "E" for evidence! [rips the brackets up] 
Because you're under arrest! [grabs Jake] 
Yeah, that type of shit might fly in NYC, but this is illegal gambling, alright? We don't look too kindly on rinks! 
Hey, you're not watching Jake and Amir! 
Reverse psychology. 
It is! 
[gesturing at his screen] Get this guy out of my country; get this guy out of my life, dude! 
I'm sick of this TMZ tweeny-bopper Canadian lesbo ass, dude! 
[stammering, gagging] It makes me want to puke or something, dude! 
[using air quotes, doing hand motions] Everything Justin Bieber does is a "blunder", and so I think we should send his ass back down under. 
Either way, this Mongoloid ass needs to be deported for his actions, or lack thereof! 
[shrug] He's just obnoxious. 
[shrugging excessively] He's just a little obnoxious. He just rubs me the wrong way, in a way. [chuckles] He's a little Johnny Obnoxville. 
This motherfucker is ruining the lamestream media, with these pop-up, tabloid, e-zine, blog, link bait, listicle bullshit! Okay? I can't-- they're just covering his downward spiral; it's disgusting! Look, visit my Facebook wall. I post about these things pretty often, actually, they're-- [chuckling] --they're actually really funny! They're great! [laughing] 
I'm serious, dude. Buck him! Yeah, why does he get all this attention? He doesn't deserve it! Just... just thinking about it, literally all the time, makes me sick to my stomach! 
Yeah, 'cause he's a basket case! He's a car crash, and I can't look away! Also, belieb it or not, I'm... I'mma kind of obsessed with this little fucker. 
I have Bieber fever in a way. Okay? Diarrhea and all. 
I'm actually starting a Facebook group. 
If you care to join it, it's called, uh, "Deport Justin Bieber Before I Faint"! [struggling to speak] 
Holy shit, did you see this TMZ video of Justin Bieber pissing in a bucket? [laughing] 
You can actually kind of see Justin's balls in it. It's... it's pretty hot. [fanning himself by shaking his shirt collar] I'm sweating. 
I'm fine. I'm just freezing, and... [pause] puking a little. 
Oh shit, dude! 'Gram it! 'Gram this, and DM it to Justin. I have... I have giardia for this tween fuck! 
[chuckling, imitating Jake in a nasal voice] "Hello! You're w--" ...you sound bad, dude! 
Who wants soup? 
April Fools! 
I know you're not mad at me, okay, but I can't help but feel that you're a little bit pissed at the day. 
Whoa! Did not expect or deserve that tongue-lashing! 
Fine! 
Want to know the worst part? 
It's that April Fools is like ruined now almost. [standing back up] Not in a good way, either. 
I'm just saying that I feel like every April you'll be reminded of this little snafu, and I won't be able to play another epic prank on you without this green cloud hovering over us! 
Today just got sucks. 
I guess kinda I could hear him... 
...though Murph does raise a good point that it was a little bit masked by, b-- by the, by the bitchly screaming. 
I mostly do, but maybe not completely, because he didn't finish the sentence. He was like, "I'm sorr-- aaaaah!" 
I don't want him to get hurt-- 
--though, on the other hand, everybody does deserve a second chance, and maybe another rip will give Jake that opportunity. 
It's fine! 
[sighs] So, I got us an amazing real estate agent, who will find us an amazing apartment! 
[singing] Nobody does it better! 
[laughing] I told you he was the best! 
And a donut! 
We can't live in a muffin, you idiot! 
What? 
Yeah. 
Oh, very cool! 
Uh, yeah! 
That's okay. 
Oooooh, do it-- 
Uh, yeah. 
Ooh! 
Whoa, a raven. 
Where are they? 
Moving on! 
[licking the wall] This one tastes like glue and paint! 
So how much does this place cost? 
Ooh! 
Aww. 
Ooh! 
Aww. 
We don't want to live in a muffin! 
Let's do it! 
I got us an amazing real estate agent, who will find us an amazing apartment! 
We don't want to live in a muffin! 
It's close enough. 
We don't want to live inside of a muffin. 
Thank you! 
Whoa, that toilet felt great! It was like a massage chair. 
Oh, no. 
Yeah, yeah. 
Mm-hmm. 
[simultaneously] Sven? Yeah. Damn it. 
That's so dumb of me. 
Even for me. That's dumb. 
Agreed. 
Mum's the word! We're all on the same page. 
No. 
Don't need to. 
Exactly. 
I know! How amazing is this blueberry sun roof? 
It's fun! It's-- 
It's friendly; it's different. 
Then get out! If you don't want to live here, get out. 
Aaaaaah. Don't go anywhere. 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Who needs Jake? [laughing, then crying] Where is he? 
Oh hey there! 
What? 
Been thinking a bit about poster ideas; thought I could run a few by you. 
Yeah. 
I think I can make 'em funny! 
We should come up with a ratings system. So instead of you saying, like, "this is good, this is bad", you'll be like "this is amber, this is taupe". 
No no no, taupe is great. Amber is just better than that, and if something is ultimate, it's gray. 
It's a poster of Jordan, right-- Air Jordan, probably-- and he's soaring through the sky and slammin' it home! [putting his hand on Jake's shoulder] 
Pretty-- 
Pretty forcefully. Is what I was gonna say. Don't taint my ideas with your negative shit feedback... Christ! 
Uh, it's a poster of dank weed, you know, like sticky bud, and there's, like, a girl in a bikini. 
Pretty good. Agreed. 
Huh? 
[taps Jake's shoulder] Alright, it's a poster of a clock, right-- 
--but instead of the hour marks, it's little beers... except at six o'clock, it's a little ears. 'Cause listen up! It's beer-thirty! And I'm thirsty! 
Amber. 
See if you can wrap your twat around this one black-light poster for a little band I like to call... the Grateful Dead! [pulls a constipated-looking face] 
That's actually a pretty dece idea. Maybe a poster store in the front, a cool cafe in the back, and a little spot to put air in your tires if you ride a bike! 
I'm not a businessman. I'm a businesswoman. 
It's a picture of a ninety-eight-year-old dude on a toilet, right? Caption 
Well that one already exists too! So all this shit about me not selling "originals"? [doing air quotes] "You're dumb"! 
...What? 
I'm actually on the fence about even pitching this one, 'cause it's so, like, hyper-offensive. 
But it's a [long-sustained bleep, accompanied by a black censor bar over Amir's mouth] 
...Taupe. 
So it's a poster so shiny and reflective that it shows you a mirror image of yourself when you stare at it. 
Yes, Jake? 
...Yes, Jake? 
Dope. 
I can has cheezburger? 
No, I'm just hungry, and I was wondering if I can has a... has a cheezburger, actually. I... I hasn't has one in a while, and I was... simply... curious as to whether or not I can has one. A cheezburger. 
This one's less of a poster and more of a drink, but it's like a... orange juice and soda water. 
I-- it's just that I'm starving, and I feel like I can has... a whole lot of food, but more than anything else, I... I cazn't has a cheezburger. In fact, I... I cheezn't has a cazburger in quite a while, factually. 
I caz hoping I caz has one. With cheez. 
It's called the Guide to British Smiles, and it's just famous Englishmen and pictures of their fucked-up teeth. It's like half social commentary, half me just being a little bit of a dickling. 
[mouthing] Wow. [writing] 
Oooh, I shouldn't has this! I cazn't has this cheezburger! It'll give me bad cholesterol! I can has bad cholesterol? 
This one's half poster, half beverage. Okay? It's called an Arnold Palmer! 
Just tell me if you like it or not! 
Winning! [gives Jake a thumbs-up] 
It's a 1988 Lamborghini Countach, parked on a hill during a sunset, cherry red! And guess who gets to drive it! 
Heck no! ...Me in ten years! 
...Milk? 
You'll never understand my scatterbrain! 
I can has my notebook back now? 
Dad? 
Alright, just trying to organize my thoughts here. Would you say your top three choices so far have been psychedelic poster, milk, and mirror? 
Okay. That'll suit me well for my first round of funding; the angel round, as it were. By the way, how much could I put you down for? It's a big pie, so feel free to ask for a small little slice. 
That fucking hurts to hear. 
Dude, I am watching out, dude! 
Learn how to drive, shitbird! 
Call me a shitbird again. Call it to my face and see what happens. 
Yeah? Well learning shit is for aunts and dweebs! And last time I checked... 
[simultaneously] ...I'm have a pussy. Yeah! 
Exactly right. Can we-- ...can we just listen to the radio? Alright? Music helps me drive! 
I'm sorry if music distracts me! I think that's pretty normal, actually. 
[mocking Jake] I-- I--I know how to drive, alright? I'm a regular James Deen. 
What? 
I can't... you know what?... I can't see anything. I think I need my sunglasses. 
No, I got 'em, I got 'em, I got 'em. 
I got 'em, dude! I g-- 
Why am I an idiot? Okay? There's a lot of glare. It'll be much safer if I just find my shades! 
I don't need 'em on the road, buddy! Alright? Relax. I-- 
[singing] Beware, beware, beware... 
[singing] ...of a woman with a broken fart! [farts loudly] 
Got 'em, baby! 
Pussy-whipped much? 
I swear, dude. You let women walk all over you. You gotta-- 
Okay... 
Me neither, so we're both... on the same page, as it were. [pronouncing "page" in French] 
Fine. [pause] It's funny... this whole thing reminds me of my old man teaching me how to drive. [chuckles] Was sittin' in the same seat you were. If you can belee dat! 
Cursing the only god he knew that he lost that rock-paper-scissors match against my mommy. "Loser has to teach Queen Dweeb to drive!" That's what they said. 
"Queen Dweeb". That was their nickname for me. They used to yell it me, taunt me, throw shit at me like the, uh... what's the inside of a-- of a peach? 
Yeah. They used to throw knives at me. 
Because you gotta cut the peach with something! ...Idiot! 
Yeah? 
[doing an arm signal] I use arm signals. [sticking his arm in front of Jake] Hi-ya! Less legal, sure-- 
--but... way less effective, too. 
Yeah. [chuckles] Oh, God, these driving lessons. Daddy used to sit right there; me, crying in the front seat like a five-year-old. "I don't want to drive today, Papa! I can't reach the pedals!" 
I was four. 
Excuse me! Say that again! Say that again to my face and I will drive this car into a cat, so help me cod, you fishy bitch! 
I can't see shit, dude! These glasses are not prescription! 
[leaning back into the backseat again] Let me put them back in the case! 
What, dude! Drive, shitbird! 
Hey, you're watching a very green episode of Jake and Amir! 
What? 
Work is fun, but I've actually been pretty into hobbies recently, horticulture being the latest. I like... masturbating and shrimp quite a bit. 
Masturbating might actually be my favorite. [chuckles] 
Do we have, um... a hose? 
[pointing the shears at Jake] Sorry, can I ask you-- how much a week do you spend on produce? 
[waving the shears wildly at Jake as he points] I'm serious. How much a week do you spend on produce? 
[picking up the shears, pointing them at Jake again] I really want to know, dude! 
Wow! ...Really! That's... that's nothing! ...Where do you shop? 
Nine. 
Bucks. 
Dude. 
You know what? I'm sorry, but I'm not going to apologize for having a green thumb! 
[emptying a bag of fertilizer onto his desk and laptop] Believe it or not, I'm actually growing the ingredients one would need to make a salad! 
It's, uh, basil, ficus... manure... 
Yeah. A lot of salads actually taste like shit, but I hear they're pretty good for you. Here, look. 
[through a mouthful of manure] This one tastes like horse manure, actually! 
[with his mouth full] Sure tastes like it! [chuckles] 
[chewing the manure, slightly taken aback] ...What are you talking about, man? 
[with his mouth full] And? 
[yelling, still with his mouth full] So why didn't you say so! 
[yelling through manure] Before I ate it, idiot! 
[swallowing most of the manure] Because it's good for ya, see? 
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna have some shrimp. 
[drooling, grabbing a shrimp] And if you need me, I'll be in the men's room! 
Very well, then! 
Mmm. Saving the best for first, I take it. 
[to Jake] Jake, you'll be Darryl McMillionaire, smooth-talking Wall Street agent with a heart of cold. The only thing he cares about more than money... is cash. [to Emily] And Sophie, my beautiful little peach, you shall be playing Moira Cunt, a woman so hot, she doesn't have to be smart. And news flash: ...she ain't! 
You're Moira. From this moment on, I don't want you to break character until you die. You got that, "Emily"? 
Who? 
Great. 
Okay, let me stop you right there. Uh, for anybody who's a little bit too thickheaded to get what's going on, Moira Cunt, at this moment in the script, is trying to... mask her true identity. 
Okay guys, try not to lose your cum, uh, when you read what happens next. I know scripts don't usually get this salacious, but this is the hottest sex scene I've ever written. 
Okay, that's very hot. I might lose a little cum myself! 
Who am I to deny this on-screen chemistry? 
Ohh! 
Air Jordan, fuckers! 
I got winner. 
Y'all are a bunch of Lisa Leslies... and I'm Rebecca Lobo! 
Who else has anything to say about my personal appearance, or my persona? In fact... who here thinks I'm a persona non grata? 
[procuring another ball] Looks like y'all need one more. 
[tossing the ball to Jake] Take it out. I'll go Jew on one. 
Let me bite her! Let me bite her! 
It's clear to me what's going on. I can take a hint. Y'all don't want me here. Right? 
Play me for it. 
The court. Play me for it. One take. One ball. One play. Winner take all. You make it, you take it. Playground rules. 
[tossing yet another ball to Elaine] Come at me. 
Ohhh! 
Boom, baby! 
Wooooo! 
Doesn't matter! I win! 
Playground rules! 
Nah. DQ. I don't think so. Flagrant. 
Go home, Jake. 
Go home, Jake. 
Nice! 
I know. 
Sixteen? 
Sixteen. 
Yeah! 
...Yes. 
Okay. 
Good. 
You said it first! 
Lord? 
I wonder if I should get Tinder! 
Mean! 
Loser! You have a Tinder coach? 
How many matches have you gotten? 
Long time. 
Oh. 
Oh! 
Why? 
Holy shit. How? 
Inhumane! 
That's not a good reason! 
Where are you taking her? 
...She's a bot. 
...I mean, it's clear to me-- 
These photos are of-- 
All-- 
All these photos are of different strippers. 
Meaning, this one's blonde. This one's a redhead. This one's Asian! 
Yeah, she wrote "Hey, cutie. Want to see me tonight? Go to livecamgirlwhores.co.nz and enter your billing info." 
You responded "I don't have a credit card. Can I PayPal or Venmo you? I think this could be the real deal, and I'd hate to lose you over a technicality, Lod." 
She responds "Sorry, cutie. No cash. Need billing info." 
You write "Shit, shit, shit. Okay, calling my dad. Do not hang up, please." 
She writes "Don't worry, cutie. This is a text conversation. There is no hanging up." 
Alright... 
Yeah, you finally respond "My dad yelled at me, but I cried, cried, cried, and my mommy was able to make things right by snagging a pic of Dad's CC." 
"Sending you some major coin as we squeak." 
She says nothing! 
You write again "I love you." 
She said nothing. 
You write "I love you so much, Lod." 
She says nothing. 
Okay, 'cause then you said "I'll see you tonight on the cam. I love you so much, Lod." 
She just wrote back "Can't do tonight, cutie." 
"I withdrew a thousand dollars from the account as a holding fee for next week." 
Yeah. 
Yes. 
What? 
"Top Five Reasons--" 
Okay. 
[gesturing at his computer, laughing uproariously] Yeah! Oh my God, I'm dying! ...Sharing that! 
Sharing that! 
[suddenly furious] I got Helvetica! What font are you, you dingbat? 
[laughing again] Here! Here, I'm gonna post it to my news feed! 
That way, you can click on the link and take the quiz yourself! 
[making a goofy face] I can't help it if they're viral! 
...Ouch. 
[in falsetto] Yeah! 
[in falsetto] Yeah! 
[in falsetto] Yeah! 
Actually working on a quiz of my own at the moment, if you're down to give it a shot. [chuckles] Would love some feedback. "What bean are you?" 
Good question! ...Leema! 
Question the first... 
"When you walk into a club, a techno, trip-hop, euro-synth style pub, are you A: Down to clown like a kidney bean, all high and mighty." 
"B 
"C 
Question the... [holds up two fingers, struggles to finish his sentence] ...two... 
[wiggling his finger at Jake between the fingers of his other hand] "Which nineties fem teen trend would you most align yourself with, bean-wise?" 
"A 
"B 
[yelling to be heard] "C AKA Jordan Catalano AKA leema beans--" what song are you listening to that's more important than this quiz? 
[yelling] It's gonna sound stupid, but they help me project a self-image I didn't even know that I had! ...In this increasingly anonymous world of modern technology, these "quizzes" give us the only thing that any of us truly wants, which is... an identity. [getting quieter] ...Regardless of how... sophomoric it sounds on the surface, I truly believe that the hardest thing for any one person to know is themselves. 
Oh! [laughing again] I got "soft-serve"! "What kind of doo-doo are you? Shit-wise!" 
[with his mouth full] Hey, you're watching Jake and-- 
[still with his mouth full] Let me do it! 
[enjoying his sandwich] Ohhh, yeah! [laughs with pleasure] Oh! Did I tell you I'm doing a gluten-free June? Nothing too drastic. Just like a... gastric bypass, maybe a tummy-tuck, and a... a face lift. 
Chill with that shit. 
Ahhh, crap! 
Ahhh, double crap! 
[doing a charismatic DJ voice into the phone] Yo yo yo, DJ Shmumu on the house! In the line, and turnin' it up! How's down, my playa? 
Sounds awesome! Let me just check with my secretary! [to Jake] Hey, do we have work on Wednesday the 25th? 
Can do! Pencil this DJ...! Up? [hangs up] 
You'll never in a million years guess what I've been doing lately. 
Better. Starting a DJ business. 
[shaking with excitement] Good question! Business is booming! 
Business is booming. I'm happy; you're happy for me! [laughs] I'm doing everything right now pro bono, but that doesn't mean I'm not makin' bank! [rubs his fingers together] 
I can't help it if my Yelp reviews suck! 
[mouthing] Wow. 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Yeah! 
Whoa, dude! 
I just blacked out for a spell... 
Ohh! 
[eating bits of sandwich out of his pocket] I'm gluten-free! 
Ouch much? [chuckles] That hurt more than my last Yelp review! 
Mickey, my friend! 
Yes, my friend. I too am excited and eager to be DJing your daughter's wedding tonight! 
Yes, I already spoke to her regarding the playlist; it is set in stone. I assure you she is a lovely bride, and she's gonna get the reception she deserves. I'm actually... setting up the turntables as we speak, Mickey! 
Not to give too much away, Mickey, but I figure we start with the Hora, move on to some playful, yet tasteful, Golden Oldies, before transitioning beautifully and seamlessly to the father-daughter dance! I believe the one you requested... [typing on his keyboard, winking to Jake] let me pull it up right now... is, uh... that's right! It's called "I'm not actually DJing your daughter's wedding tonight, Mickey!" 
She's gonna be an ugly bride, Mickey, and she's probably not gonna get married, Mickey! 
You know why, Mickey? Because my Yelp reviews suck, Mickey! 
News flash, Mickey Mickey! Yeah! I really faint, Mickey! In fact, Mickey... I'm fainting right now, Mickey... Mickey, help me out, Mickey. [drops the phone] 
Mickey! 
Mickey. 
We should start charging for this shit! 
I know. 
Move. Move. Move. 
[edging his way into Mike's seat, forcing him out] I'm sitting, I'm sitting, I'm sitting, I'm sitting, I'm sitting, I'm sitting! I'm sitting. 
Thank you. Fatass. 
Hey, I wish I knew y'all were eating today. I would have packed a lunch, or bought one. 
What's the point of conversation as it stands right now? I can wax poetic about a myriad of hot topics. [takes a bite of a carrot] 
Okay... and what's the consensus? Just so I can play devil's advocate. 
And in terms of theses differences, are we excited or thrown by them? 
[taking another bite] Easy! 
[yelling over Pat] Been thinking about setting up a home theater system shit in my den! 
What do you guys think is the difference between Sonos and other leading brands like Bose? Or do y'all only like to talk about unimportant shit? 
[gesturing with the carrots sticking straight out from his palms] Really! Because last time I checked, audio was the second-most important part of the audio-video experience. 
I just wish we'd talk about my hobbies too, but I feel like I can't even get a word in edgewise. 
Not really a hobby, but I'm pretty good at alienating significant others. Like if one of y'all's girlfriends or wives were here, I'd make her feel uninvited, unwelcome... I'd phase her out of the conversation, slowly but surely. [chuckles] Box her out physically, just so she doesn't feel like one of us. 
At least we're talking about something! 
Can't handle the heat, huh? F-f-f-f-fatass? [tries to clear his throat] ...I think I might be dying. 
You don't have to tell me twice. 
I still do. Even if it's just us three 
[holding up two fingers] And then there were Jew. What should us two little sister-friends gab about? [takes a bite of the carrot] 
Can't hear you! Listening to a Spotify playlist aptly named "Songs That Pair Well with a Carrot-Based Lunch". 
Are you still in the room, fatass? 
...Fatass? 
I actually have a good idea for a video. 
Very well, then. 
Best part of life? 
Games! Jinx! [laughing] 
The next Tiny Wings is on this list. The next Snood is on this list. 
Copyright infringement. 
[humming the Mario theme] Doo-doot doo doot-doot doo! Doo! Jojo the Italian Plumberman. 
Let me see your phone. 
Okay. 
What would you say if I told you I had a game that would fix this? 
Not yet. 
Ninety-five percent of gaming happens when you're on the shitter. So this game is called "Wipe Me", and you get to clean your butt virtually. 
Like, nobody thought to land on the Moon, and then one night, we were just there! 
I'm just saying let's do that, but with this fix-your-phone game! 
Shut up about your phone for a second. I'm... I'm having an idea. 
You know how it's illegal to spy on people while they shit, shower, and shave? 
[suddenly concerned] Really? 
No chance in hell. That's an invasion of my privacy. 
No I won't. Again. Or for the first time. I won't, and I didn't. And I haven't. Again. Or ever. 
I'm peeing. For a second. 
Oh! Not really a game idea, but-- 
--I shave a soul patch. 
And the truth finally starts pouring out! 
[pounding his fist rhythmically against his chest, humming to the beat] Hmm-mmm, hmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm, yeah... 
Okay, so it's Spotify, but only for songs. 
Really? Because last time I checked, you play music. 
I'll put it in the "maybe" pile, then. 
[still pounding a beat on his chest and humming] Hmm-mmm, alright, hmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm, do it too... 
Let me tell ya, I had a lot of time to come up with game ideas as a teen. I had facial backne. 
Nope, fbackne. I'm talkin' about back zits on my face. I wish I would've had acne. Acne would have been an improvement... acne would have been nice. 
[still pounding a beat on his chest and humming] Two hearts beating as one, hmm-mmm... 
Parcheesi. 
[on the phone] Yeah yeah, he just, uh, he just whacked it with a hammer, and it broke. [laughing] I know! I guess he-- I guess he thought he can fix it with an app, which I don't think you can do. Could you? If you w-- even if you dreamed big? 'Cause of the Moon landings. Okay. Yeah yeah. [to Jake] You're a moron. 
"Oops! All Long Pieces Tetris". 
Well I don't have the ability or the rights to program it! Okay? So I'm kinda stuck there, aren't I. Don't say "nice", if you know for a fact I'm dead to rights. 
I like lists. [rifling through his paper] In fact, can I pitch you a list of list ideas that I have? 
[on the phone] No, no no, he'd be honored to be on your "Idiots of Tech Support" blog. The name is Jacob Hurwitz, and as for the picture, I have a primo one of him taking a shit. Or a shower. Perhaps a shave. [to Jake] Hm? 
Challenge Friday. 
[yelling] Challenge Friday. 
[taking off his headphones] Sorry. I couldn't hear myself. 
I couldn't hear myself. I could hear you just fine. 
Challenge Friday is the day where I challenge and beat you at anything you choose. 
Hang on, sorry. I'm just amending the Challenge Friday rules. Now I get to choose the challenge. 
[holding a red yo-yo] Eating challenge. 
I could swallow it. 
[with shaving cream on his face, and holding a razor] Shaving contest! Schick Hydro challenge! 
I don't know! Why don't you ask my Schick Hydro! 
[now missing the shaving cream, the razor, and a rectangular patch of beard from his shaving] Challenge: who has the longest umbilical cord? [lifting up his shirt off-screen] Go! 
Neither my doctors nor my parents thought I should have a normal bellybutton. 
[picking the yo-yo back up] It seems an eating challenge is in order. [bringing the yo-yo to his mouth] Eat! Eat! Eat! 
What's the matter, Jakey? Afraid I can't swallow a yo-yo? 
Here we go, one time. 
Amir wins again! 
Oh! It's dropping into my stomach! Oh, back up! [laughs] 
Bless you! 
I know! 
"Top Ten Vacation Ideas for the Summer", by Amir Judy Blume-enfeld. 
"Number ten--" 
"Are you feeling zen? If not, a staycation is what I recommend. Or better yet, don't be a jerk. Unwind by being a man... and goin' to work." 
"Number nine 
"Please?" 
It's just the first two! 
"Number eight into shape with exercise classes. That's right: a boot camp retreat, for all y'all fatasses!" 
"Number seven title. Shack up with 'Now and Then' co-star Devon Sawa in his Hollywood Hills bungalow! Now that sounds like a place that's... fun to go!" 
You're thinking of Brad Renfro. 
"Number six 
"It's been too long since you've gone to see him. Won't you visit his mausoleum?" 
"Number five English hills, and you can visit and stay for the thrills! Clive Owen would love to have ya." 
"Number four PlayStation 2. Lock yourself in your room all summer and close the blinds. That's the best way I know how to unwinds! And if it's a weekday... go to work!" 
"Number three for your soul. Have it in a cup, a mug, or a... bowl..." What? 
Shit. Yeah, I think I musta got... [sighs] I-- I need to get my shit together! [chuckles] 
"Number two some sort; 'almond butter is nice' is my... usual retort..." I'm sorry. 
I'm fucking unraveling here! Wheels are coming off as I stumble across the finish line! 
Yeah, I had a perfect game going! 
Oh! Okay, here we go. "Number one 
"Well I know it might be a long snot..." 
"...but I figure it's worth a shot!" 
"The tickets are booked. The price is right; I looked. So what sayeth thee, my FFB? Will you go away with me?" 
Do it harder, like one-- 
Oh no! 
What happened? 
Hey, you're watching a real [drawn-out yell] goal! --episode of Jake and Amir! 
Wait! 
It's fun to watch TV at work! Thanks for including me, guys! 
Can I change the channel? Can I change the channel, or do we have to watch this soccer shit? 
[on the phone] Hi, twat. Yeah, can we get two large pizzas, one medium pie, and, let's say, seven small 'zas? 
And chicken wings? Yeah, I love those frickin' things. 
Whats? 
Ever notice how we call it "soccer", but in the rest of the world it's all like "Futbol! Futbol! Futbol!" 
Then laugh! It's an observational humor! 
Still! A chuckle would have been decent. Got this fatass to grin about it! [laughs] 
[still laughing] Count it! 
[on the phone] My credit card number is, um, uh... [laughing] it's sixty-nine. 
Alright. [hands Jake the phone] 
Aww. 
Ahhh, this sport is boring. Nothing ever happens. It's just like, pass the ball. Kick the ball. I don't-- 
And the universe gives me a slice of humble pie! My point still stands, though 
In what fucking world do you live in? 
Yeah, I'm serious. This is my food, shitbird. 
I'm not talking to you. 
As a joke! 'Cause sixty-nine means to [Amir is censored by a bleep and a black bar over his mouth. Amir makes a variety of hand gestures to convey his point. Jake cringes. Rachel leaves in disgust.] 
Everybody in this sport has a weird name. Who's that guy? Garageio? 
Weird. 
Take that back! 
Why? I didn't do anything bad. All I said was that sixty-nining was, like, a [Amir is censored again.] 
Why is it when people take up soccer it's considered cute and quirky, but when I get a hobby, no one says jack shit? 
Well, not really a hobby, but when my family and I dine at restaurants that give you beepers while you wait for a table, I'll always pretend like it's buzzing. Make my dumbass mom or my goofy dad walk up to the waitress, time after time, in vain. [chuckles] Then at the end of the bit, I'll throw the beeper away so that my dad ends up owing cash for it. 
No shit, dude. 
All I'm saying is that real athletes don't wear cleats. They wear real shit, like baseball shoes. 
...I'm starting to think my only friend in the room [gesturing at Paul] is Fatass over here. [to Paul] What do you think, dummy? [doing a voice for Paul, like a ventriloquist] "Who are you calling a dummy, dummy?" 
[laughing] Fatass loves it. 
All's I'm saying is for a sport to be exciting, there should be points, you know? None of this low-scoring, tie-game bullshit-- 
Why does this keep happening to me? 
Gay much? 
Sorry, I thought Pat said that. 
Why is it, on airplanes, they give you little tiny napkins with your drink? What are they, afraid I'm gonna spill? 
Whatever. My point still stands. 
Yes it does! I'm just saying I don't spill shit. 
Oh, sh-- 
Sorry, am I being a dumbass American for preferring baseball to this "game"? I mean, baseball might be twice as slow and pretty boring, but at least shit happens-- 
Fuck, dude! This is more than a coincidence! This is so bizarre! I'm, like, freaking out! Every time I bring up the low-scoring nature of the game, which it-- 
How? 
That was fun, actually! When's the next match? 
So what now? Should we watch the MLS? 
What? 
Hey, you're watching Jake and a celeb. 
Realistical! 
Yeah. 
Oh! I came up with a pretty neat little plan today... dating a celebrity? 
Life's not about what you know, it's about who you know. And in Los Angeles, it's about who ya fuck. [chuckles] I'm serious. If I'm gonna make it in this kooky town, I have to be seen canoodling with Jamie Lee Curtis on the Sunset Strip yesterday. 
You naive little twat. 
Nothing's real in Hollyweird, okay? A lot of it is just make-believe fairy dust. Some of it is actually just a PR nightmare bullshit! 
Fuck off. 
I changed the khakis! Fuck off! 
Yeah! 
Uh-oh! Daddy got Amanda Bynes's Gmail address. Yeah, her niece went to my cousin Leron's laser tag place in Queens. Leron stole the cell phone, texted Amanda, and she gave him the email address so he would give the cell phone back! I was gonna take you on a double date. Me, you, Amanda, and Amanda's best friend, who's probably a Meg Ryan type, but I can always ask somebody else. 
She's a loose cannon, sure, but sometimes the crazy ones are the ones that land you on the back jacket of Star Magazine! 
No! 
Nice! 
Is that too forward? 
Is that good to write? 
No! 
[crying] No! 
Promise? 
Even if one of the brothers Ryan give her away doesn't mean I can't be your best man. 
Oh! 
Oh! 
I'm nude! You've nuded me! 
If the fates allow! 
Okay. 
I should not have taught my mom how to text. Look at this message! 
Yeah, that's mine to her. 
Dumb bitch! [laughs] 
Hey. That's my mother you're talking about. 
Oh! Do you know these horoscope things everyone's talking about lately? 
About how, like, if you were born in January, that means you're a Capricorn, and so you're some type of way? 
Yeah. 
I don't know, I-- it was in the ether, but now it's starting to get to me. 
Honestly, I thought a lot of it was legalese Japanese mumbo-jumbo bullshit; Western medicine meets Western Union; urban garbage yoga yuppie mommy-blogger rag-mag e-zine Candyland cookie-cutter sci-fi wi-fi jai alai verbal diarrhea, but honestly, it turns out a lot of it is spiritual fact. 
When's your birthday? August 5th, 1985? 
2 
Okay. Cool, so, like, yours is, uh-- 
[reading from a newspaper] "You will confront conflicts this month, but rest assured you can solve them. Maybe not, though." ...It's vintage you! 
[holding out his hand for emphasis] No! Because the way it works is that you're a Leo, so the stars look like a lion, and it knows what you're gonna-- how you're gonna act. 
Yeah. They really do. They look like a lion. 
No way. 
My mind is not impressionable! 
I guess it is. 
[calmly] I will believe anything anyone says... 
I'm getting... [closing his eyes] sleepy... 
Very sleepy, Master. 
Didn't have to. 
I am your mental slave. 
And thus, you are my master. 
Fine, Master. 
Yes, Master. 
Cluck like a chicken. Something silly. Boy, will my face be red. 
Jesus. 
My fear is that the window will be closed and I'll break my neck on the glass. Then you'll be left to deal with me as a quadriplegic, Master. 
Mm-hmm. 
No chicken. 
...Got it. 
Mm-hmm. 
Mm. A suicide note of sorts. Yup. 
Absolving you of guilt. 
Got it. 
Chicken. 
No chicken. 
Sure. 
Absolutely. Thank you, Master. 
[waking up] Aaah. Jesus. [laughing in confusion] What happened? 
[confused, texting Jake] ...I'm texting you.... 
...Hmm. 
[holding up the newspaper] That's right! My horoscope told me to be on the lookout for hypno-killers, and it was right! Sagittarius, motherfucker! 
[laughing] You still tried to kill me! Little fucker! 
You're watching Jake and Amir. 
Chill! 
Gum? 
I'm gonna...have a slice [laughs nervously]...thought I'd offer you one. 
First you're OK now you're good? [Puts stick of gum half in his mouth so that it's sticking out.] What's wrong with you? You're acting all goofy--[Laughs] I mean are you high at work? I'm not gonna tell anyone, I'm just down to toke! Or at least have a bite of whatever edible you're high! 
My gum. 
I know. [Puts up hands in mock defence.] 
I come in peace. [Scoffs.] 
[Playing with the piece of gum he hasn't put in his mouth. Squints.] Hmm? 
Are you sure? It's on the house! 
The pack was like two bucks! If you wanna toss me a dollar...sure that'd be fine [Chuckles]. That'd be fair-- 
You said you were OK!? You said you were good--[getting angry] you didn't say jack shit about no. Holy shit; you are high!! 
[Nodding his head] Slice.  
[Smugly] Oh. Well. What are you gonna do for me? [Takes out stick of gum. Raises eyebrows suggestively.] 
Wait! I have something that you want [Holds up piece of gum.]! You gotta pay me back somehow, that's how society works! [Pretends to type on computer] I'm not working here for free! [Chuckles] 
[Still chewing with his mouth open.] It's cool. It's friendly. It's chill-- 
It's like [Amir winks awkwardly. Jake grimaces.]...It's just a nice thing to do! [Laughs weakly.] 
Shut up! [Amir grimaces.] Really!? [Jake facepalms.] That language?! [Waves pack of gum in the air.] From someone who has something that you want. It's tit for tat, Jakey! When that tit-tat is a Tic Tac or a Kit-Kat, you can't go this that, hit hat! You gotta go mit ma-- 
[Stops chewing.] What? 
Jake-- 
Gum's gone, man...alright? This is... 
[Shaking his head, smiling.] It's such a--This is such a small thing in the grand scheme of things. I-i-it's infinitesimal!  
Once. 
Really?...Shit. I'm sorry! 
Just [sighs] look under your desk.  
Now in terms of paying me back are you thinking about cash or favours? 
Well I still wanna hang out!! 
Hey, you're watching a very special birthday episode of Jake and Amir! 
Go! Go! Go! Go shorty! It's your birfday! We gonna party like it0 your birfday! 
[laughing] ...What? 
[still laughing] You said it so soft! It was a big deal. 
I made a big deal of your birthday, and you're just like "Thank you. Thank you." 
I'm-- I'm hyped! 
I'm hyphy! 
Want to know the difference between me and 50 Cents? 
I do give a fuck if that's your birfday... I really do. 
Silly me, I guess. You know, the big two-nine, it's kind of a big deal. In fact, how would you like a two-nine fish sandwich? 
[making a hand gesture to send the server away] Of course... why would you? Let me do you one better. You know how you have a weird love affair with coupons? 
[holding up a coupon book] Here's a book of three hundred and sixty-five coupons. One for every day until you reach the wipe old age... [pretends to wipe himself with the book] of dirty! 
[making massaging motions] They get better. 
They get better. 
[punching the air] They get better. 
A hundred and fifty dollars. The going rate. 
Free of style! ...Free of style! I'm starting to think you don't like the coupon book! 
I can't take it back! It's non-transferrable! Non-returnable! Read the fine print! I couldn't take-- 
Oh! 
[bleeding from his forehead] No, no, like it really cut me! Ya cut me bad! 
Fragile? Ya-y-y-y-ya sliced me! Ya really diced me, dude! And on my favorite day of the year 
I'm leaking, Murphy! 
[rapping] Murph! Murph! It's your turf! Come down to Erf! You crazy Smurf! 
No, that was females only! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I'm gonna be rich! 
Money, honey! 
Okay... 
Good news! Gonna finally heed your advice. 
[yelling over Jake] I'm going to apply for a credit card. 
One step at a time. 
Oh, backw--... 
First thing's first 
Don't have one. 
[singing] 'Cause I'm so fancy! [speaking] Also I'm an illegal alien. 
Yeah. 
Can't wait to rack up these points! 
Miles. 
Trips. 
...Points. 
Miles. 
...Miles? ...Miles! 
Oh, actually, I spent a hundred and ten thousand Euro on a koi fish once. 
Well technically a dolphin, but it was a coy little fish. [laughs] Little bugger was playing hard to get. We actually met each other-- have you ever been to the Maldives, or Mall-dives, or whatever? 
My credit score is so low, someone once stole my identity, felt bad, and gave it back. 
It's a truth! ...Ruth! 
I'm actually down to open a joint checking account with you. You know I do have tens of millions of dollars. 
But, here's the trick 
...Seventy. 
Aah, no no no, nineteen. 
Aah-- two! 
I'm serious, dude. My credit score is so low, I couldn't get approved for a birthday card. [tugs his collar] 
Phyllis Diller is here... 
So what you're saying is once I have this magic card, I can buy whatever I want, like a vehicle, or a three-bean salad, or a Mr. Skin Pro account? 
I know, but I can get, like, a salami sandwich, some Silly Putty, and, let's say, I don't know, a Mr. Skin Pro account? 
Can I get a Mr. Skin Pro account with-- 
My credit score is so low, Flo Rida wrote a song about it. 
"Whistle"! [begins blowing air in Jake's face in an attempt to whistle] 
What I'm in dire need of is actually dolphin food. Or dolphin medicine. Or... 
Caskets, yeah. Exactly right. 
Because you can stuff it into a human casket? 
No, you can't. 
Call me Han! Because my credit score is... 
...out of this world! 
You know, human caskets, not too terrible of an idea. 
If you just wiggle that dorsal fin back and forth like you're peeling off a soda tab, you know, [as he mimes trying to tear off a dorsal fin] A, B, C... and then whatever letter it lands on, that girl has a crush on you? 
[miming ripping off the fin, making Jake wince] Like if it gets ripped off on S, you're gonna marry a Samantha...! 
Now I understand to build my credit score, I need to make my payments in a timely fashion. 
Okay, and if I don't will they hack my nuts off? 
Then I'm good. 
Then I'm good. 
But my nuts? Are they gonna take away my most prized possession? My family jewels? ...I'm okay then. 
Mirror, mirror, on the wa-- [hits a key] "Denied". How is that normal? 
[crying] I wanted the points! I wanted the points, I needed the miles, and I could have really used a trip. [closes his laptop] Least I got my nuts. 
...Dude! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and I do declare! 
I don't know! 
[laughing awkwardly] Unhealthy... [pause] ...What? 
Unhealthy much! 
[yelling over Jake] Look at you-- 
[pointing at Jake for emphasis] Bad for your back, bad for your spine, bad for your life, bad for your attitude, bad-- 
[grabbing the milkshake] Yeah, that's 'cause I have a standing desk! Which means I can afford it... [goes to take a sip, then pauses] ...fuckwad! [takes a sip] 
[now sitting, bouncing up and down] Yeah, but on an exercise ball! Okay? AKA! 
...What? 
What are you, waiting for me to talk? [laughs] Alright! Let's talk! 
Okay, I didn't know that... wow! 
I didn't know that! I thought it was like a pu-- yeah, like a... 
It's a play on words! 
My legs were tired, fatass! And by the way, this is healthy! Healthier than the standing desk, 'cause I can do crunches while I work! [closes his eyes and begins doing crunches badly] 
Yeah, well they hurt my back pain! 
Yeah! I have sciatica, motherfucker! 
Yes! Which is why I can't stand. So I sit, which hurts my back. That's why I got the desk! It just hurts, so I'm sitting, AKA! 
...Jesus! 
That's, like, a lot of times you ask me to die. 
[laughing uncomfortably] It's so... sad. 
It's sad to me that you want me dead. 
Yeah. You're not even hiding it anymore. 
I need to... I need to lay down. 
[still eating his nachos] It doesn't matter if I'm sitting or lying, okay? As long as my work gets handed in. 
I'm alive! 
[laughing in relief] And it's all thanks to that standing desk. 
What? 
Not for long! 
'Cause the videos are short. 
I can work from my phone. [feels for a phone in his pocket, to no avail] ...Shit. 
[opening the envelope] They're here, they're here! Help me choose a headshot! 
I just want your opinion! 
About the headshots, idiot! [laughing] You should have let me finish! Now you look like a fool! 
I want to be a famous! Ass! A star is born? Nah... a star is corn! 
Please don't call these dumb. Okay? I spent, like, a bad amount of money on these. 
I have an audition today! 
Wow! Suddenly, Jake's-- actually, this is perfect! [handing a fork and a knife to Jake] I'll give you a fork and a knife so you can eat your words. And, in addition to those-- 
--I have a napkin... where the French is it? I don't want you to spill the words-- 
Where the fff-- is it, dude? 
The role is of a paralegal, in the film "Steinberg and Ginsberg". 
Every interview in this town is an audition. In this town. 
[sadly] No, they're just blurry. 
I think so, yeah. They're mosaic. 
Actually, they were taken by a Brazilian photographer. [grabbing the headshots back] Nunya? Ever heard of him? 
No, Nunya Luiz Ricardio. He's actually pretty famous in Rio. 
Been painting recently! Nothing too crazy, just some abstract pieces. Trying to open up my own gallery. 
Subjective. 
[holding a plate of burnt cookies] Been baking recently! 
Yeah, nothing too crazy. Just, uh, applying for grants to open up my own patisserie/gallery. 
[holding up a napkin folded into an origami swan] Found your napkin! 
Nothing too crazy, just some, uh... oregano. 
Roach! 
Ass! 
Nice. 
I know. 
[leaning in from off-screen] I did it a few weeks ago! 
You invited me in here 'cause you said nobody else would hold your bucket for you. 
Aren't most people doing it with a...with a bucket and-- 
It-- it's called the Ice Bucket Challenge-- 
"Prboblem"? 
No, I did not. 
...Maybe, yeah. I-- 
S-- ...so yes. Just one. 
Alright. Here we go. Ready. 
I don't know if it's that-- like, that-- 
Whoa. The water wasn't that cold. 
[to the camera] To actually help out, go to ALSA.org! 
[to Jake] Your penis was really small. 
Hey, you're watching a very expensive episode of Jake and Amir! 
Cash! 
Hey Jake, what do you call a Twitter account for cottage cheese? 
Cheese! 
Hope you like to barbecue! 
'Cause homeboy's got a grill! 
I like flaunting that I make cash! 
[rubbing his fingers together] Money-- 
My dad gives me bank. Quite bank, actually. 
I got this grill off Sale! 
No, my cousin Leron. He has a friend named Sale. 
Well, had a friend named Sal. 
Sale. Sale. 
Sale! 
Sam! 
...Sale. 
Off her. And no, not her grill, her teeth. Okay? When she passed, me and Leron had the dim idea  to gank the dentures off her still-breathing body! 
We're all at the vet trying to huff some of that laughy gassy, when we realized: uh-oh! Some of it's euthanasia! So me and Leron hightail it the fuck out of there, but, uh... Sale wasn't too lucky. She couldn't flap her wings fast enough. 
Did I mention Sale was a goose? 
I guess you can say she's trans-gandered! 
[with his hand on his mouth] Sure, small price to pay. 
Were! 
No, I mean me and Leron aren't cousins anymore! He frickin' divorced me! 
How was your weekend? ...Always talkin' about my shit. How was your Friday? What'd you do Saturday morning? 
I traded them to Leron for a BeDazzler so that I can jewel-encrust Sale's dentures so that I can flaunt my father's wealth! What don't you get? 
Excuse? 
Want to know the gayest part? 
I truly believe that the world revolves around me. [pauses, nods thoughtfully] Not even metaphorically, either. Like, uh, say this marble is me, and this tennis ball is our solar system? [picks up a marble and a tennis ball, and rolls the tennis ball around the marble] 
Yeah, this is how I feel. Like I am at the center of it. Like I'm the Sun. [chuckles] I mean, how dumb is that? 
Yeah? Well at least I got a grill I can count on! [holds up a sausage] Hope you like sausage! 
I'm the Sun! I told you I was one! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and if y'all want to follow me on Instagram-- 
Damn it! 
How would you like to accompany me on an online shopping spree? 
I paid for it with my privacy. You know Apple owns your shit, right? 
I think I'll order a V-neck and a plaid, 'cause I'm from Teaneck, and hi, I'm Brad! [extends his hand for a handshake] 
Call me Brad! 
Yeah, well airplanes were a bad idea too, but business is booming, so I'll take my chaunces. 
Oh, I should buy sunglasses. 
No, I don't think so. 
Oh! 
Exqueef me. [queefs twice] 
Queef. [pause] Two distinct queefs. 
You know, I just wish I had an event to wear these to. I mean, I'm buying these platinum-white dress shoes, but I literally will never wear them. 
Well, what if I get invited to a gala, ass? 
[speaking to the viewer] You know, whenever I go online shopping, I like to reward myself with a little "you're worth it" gift. [chuckles] And today I got myself this zebra-print pillow! [holding up a pillow] I'm obsessed! 
I'm sorry. 
I was upset. 
You offended me! 
If it makes you feel any better, I might even get a plus one to the gala! 
Say that again, and I will scratch your other face! 
Hey, pretty neat little lifehack shipping information, like Vance or something, the package will show up with that fake name on it. 
Yeah, but then after a while, the mailman will start to call you Vance! He'll be like, "Hey Vance, how's it going?" You'll be like, "Oh, it's pretty good, but actually boom! Gotcha! My name's Brad!" 
These white shoes are breaking the bank, but I feel like I gotta have 'em. You know, just in case-- and don't say what you're about to, or I will scratch you yet again-- but I feel like I gotta have 'em just in case I get invited to a charity event, or worse still, a, a-- 
A gala. Yeah, exactly right, a gala. 
No way. 
No, dude! That's-- 
It's way too risky! 
Bought 'em. [laughs] I bought 'em! 
We're going to a gala. 
[gesturing to his shirt] You think this button-down is pee-proof, or dry clean only? 
Or dry clean only! 
Yeah, pee-proof! Just in case I-- 
Wha-- oh! Oh, sh-- 
Alright, I can't bear to look. [turning the iPad toward Jake, looking away] What's the damage? 
Huh. That was a cheap spree, to be sure. 
Well, you should have gone pee-proof! You know, just in ca-- 
Oh my God, why again? 
Not me! My eyes are closed. 
Ow! 
[pulling down his pants] Check it out. 
Ohh! 
Oh, it's in me! 
Oh, shards! 
Shards where I shart! 
[grabbing Jake] No! No, it's funny! 
It's a funny goof! 
It's gonna be worth it! When it starts copying my ass! 
It's burning my anus! 
No! 
You'll ruin the joke! 
Yeah, it's burned. It's burned bad. 
Absolutely! Sliced from taint to sphincter! Gutted like a fish! 
...Is it funny? 
The copies. Am I the office clown as of yet, do you think? 
Where's the paper? 
Then have him scan and email it back! 
[chuckling] Chicks can't do math, dude. 
It's a five-in-one workstation! And fine, I'll-- I'll copy it. Here we go. Ready? 
What the butt is that? "PC Load Letter"? 
Will you insert paper to Tray 2? 
Will you insert paper to Tray 2? 
Fine. I'll do it without you. 
This-- this may kill me, sure, but, like with any tortured artist, my work will live beyond me. 
I shall be remembered as a martyr, a cool, and a philosopher. For I have the anus of a god. 
Perfect. 
Worth it, baby! 
Yes. 
I'm actually a little butthurt today! 
Ow... 
[first singing to the tune of "Here Comes the Bride", then just yelling] Here comes the dweeb... Here comes the dweeb! [speaking to Jake] Shittiest Weekend of the Ever Award goes to, dumroll please... Amir Hurwitz! "You like me! You really like me!" Friday night, I crash a feminist meeting, and told each and every one of them the God's honest truth: that they were all on the rag! Their aunt Flo didn't just come into town to visit. She moved in, and they were becoming scissor sisters. I wish one thing led to another, because what happened next was all at once. They tied my wrists to my face, shoved a tampon in my asshole, and kicked me out into the street! Keep in mind, this was 7:45 PM, so it's still bright out and I'm missing Jeopardy! I will take "Things You Don't Want Your Parents to See after Leaving a Restaurant for Their Forty-Second Anniversary" for, let's say, two hundred, Alex. [humming the Jeopardy theme] Doo doo doo doo-doo doo doo doooo... doo doo doo doo doo, ba-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo doo doo-doo doo doo doooo... doo, doo-doo doo doo-- [raspberry] --doo-- [raspberry] --doo. Bom, bom. What is their thirty-one-year-old son scooting across the sidewalk like a baby in a diaper, trying to grind the tampon out of his bleeding asshole while he howls at the moon like a wolf! Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding! And what did you wager, Alex? Zero dollars? That's... that's funny, 'cause that's how much my life was worth to the police officer who, rather than unbind me, took out his Motorola Krzr and added me to his SnapStory. What? Just as I start to think outside the bun, you know, convincing myself that at the very least this will be a fun little anecdote to tell at my bachelor party-- if I don't decide to go stag to my own wedding-- four of these femmes fatales emerge from the shadows, [pointing to his body] and start assaulting my face, [pointing to his neck] my body, [pointing to his face] and my neck. All of them had hair of gold, [singing the "Brady Bunch" theme] like their mother... the youngest one threw squirrels! One landed in my mouth, like a furry ball gag. Finally, out of fear, loathing, or Las Vegas, I j-- [chuckles] I just start spray-shitting everywhere. Yeah, it's like someone's dumping bucket after bucket of chocolate pudding on a rotating helicopter blade. I am defecating hither and thither, still howling, still at the moon, this time blue corn. With the tampon finally out, hands still tied to my face, [Ace Ventura impression] I finally have the wherewithalrighty then! to let out on more zinger. One more joke, this one luckily not at their expense. It's-- it's pretty broad, actually. [taking off his glasses] It goes a little something like this: A woman boards a bus with her newborn baby, and the bus driver says, "Hey, ma'am, that's the ugliest baby I've ever seen." The woman, appalled-- frankly, she has the right to be-- sits down next to me and says, "That bus driver just insulted me." I said, "Lady, you don't have to take that from him. You go up there and tell him off. Here, I'll hold your monkey." 
Seeing you chuckle at that joke made the entire weekend worthwhile. 
Yeah? Well my asshole needs stitches! So start laughin', buster! 
Hi, you and the NSA are watching Jake and Amir! 
Hi, Obama! 
Hmm! Congrats, grad! 
You're getting the new iPhone! Amazing! 
[doing some sort of variant on air quotes with his hands] By the way, there's no such thing as a "free upgrade". 
[gesturing with his fingers curled like claws] Because you're paying for your shit-- 
[with his hands under the desk] --with your privacy! 
You know Steve Jobs spies on you, right? That every little camera on that phone is a peephole for Jobs to peep your peep while you sleep? 
Good. 
You know the iPhone 6 actually has a bigger screen. [making a circle with his thumb and finger, looking through] All the better to spee you with, my dear! 
Spee and sy! 
Spee and spy! 
See and sy! 
Spee and sy-- see and spy! 
As in, be inspired... fuckward! 
Let me shatter your perfect world for a second. Every time you had phone sex on that phone of yours, it was actually an orgy. A group orgy. Yeah, there's not just corporate spies on the line, man! There's legit frickin' government agendas reading your sex and getting off to every adjective! "What are you wearing?" I'll tell you what it is! It's the new Apple iCloak! [slowly getting more high-pitched] But it's not invisibility, it's actually visibility! AKA, the visible ability... for Apple Geniuses... to get off! Jerk off! Nut to you! [laughing] 
Smile! [takes a picture] You're on Dipshit Camera! I just got a picture of the biggest dumbass I know. 
Fuck off. What's that supposed to mean, "was it a selfie"? 
[doing an accent] When we designed the new iPhone, we had one facet that had to be absolutely necessary, and that was the fact that we wanted to jerk off! 
So we put a camera here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, here, everywhere! [laughing] 
Mine's jailbroken, you fucking idiot! It's running Linux, Java! 
Mm-hmm! Mm-hmm! You know why? So that I don't lose it, dipshit! 
Good. 'Cause every front-facing camera, of which there are probably a baker's dozen-- 
--is a glory hole for Jobs, Woz, and Spielberg to fuck you with. 
I didn't say it. 
I'm serious. 
You don't get it! You got your iMac, your iCloud, your iPad, your iPod... it's all I I I! Ay-ay-ay! It should be you! [making a U-shape with his hand] It should be you, you, you! 
Ouch. 
[laughing] It's here, it's here! 
[yelling] Yeah, but I'm gonna hack it! 
Hey there, you're watchin' a ramblin' episode of Jake and Amir! 
And it goes a little something like-- [guitar strum] 
So when I take my hand and go with you, be sure to leave me high, to do... goodbye, my love, goodbye, my-- prrd. To each her own, to each her... I love you...! [stops singing] ...Stupid. 
It's crazy. 
[balancing the guitar on the desk] Guitar's like... part of my body at this point. 
That's actually a polished final. On vinyl, actually, but if you have a note or a feedback, I'd love to hear it. 
Joke's on you, 'cause music's not about a single note. It's about a harmony. [laughs] Not surprised you didn't know that, though, 'cause you don't know shit about folk, or folk about shit! 
That's funny, I don't remember that part of the song! How about giving me notes about melody, about tune, about how it sounded? 
I am. I'll do that. I'll do the stuff about the brushing. 
Brush my hair! 
I don't brush my hair, ya fuckin' idiot! [laughs] 
I know! 
I know! 
[slurring his phrase into a single syllable] Iknow! ...I just want to do shit that makes me smile of you! 
Yeah! 
I knew this would happen. I knew as soon as I went off and did something cute and subjective, you would turn it into this, this, this, this, this, this nuclear bomb of me! 
Your attitude almost makes me not want to write a song and perform it for you at work... yeah! 
Excuse...? 
You're a dickling! 
You're a dickling! 
Well if you like that song, then you truly are the apple of my pie. 
[to himself] Why'd you do that, ya idiot? ...You turn every positive into a weird thing of you. Just take the compliment, Hurwitz! You are an anal assassin of the highest calendar. He finally was on your side. He liked the song. 
You said I had the social intelligence of an eleven-year-old! 
AKA! 
Of course! And you can't give me a ride home because-- 
--my guitar won't fit. Exactly right. 
[singing] So pie-pie, Miss American Bye! 
Fuck yeah! 
Washing is fine. It's drying that's trying! 
A clothesline? That takes time! 
I am! 
Okay. 
Wow, racist much. 
[grabbing the flag] Coward! 
You are one! 
These ones are the dirtiest! 
[holding a pair of women's underwear in front of Jake] Oh, how embarrassing! A woman's underwear. I wonder how that got in there-- oh, maybe it was from a one-night stand I had with a 10! 
In retrospect, she might have been a 9. 
I do not. [grabs the underwear and smells it] 
How'd the hipster burn his mouth? 
He drank coffee before it was cool! 
...Do you mean that? The "nice" thing? I'm seriously asking for a friend. 
Some of these clothes are pee-proof, others, dry-clean only. 
Eureka! [laughs] Sorry. It just sounded like you said "eu--" 
I know. 
Tickle fight! 
I put them in the hamper! Though I feel like I can get one more wear out of these twats. 
You'd love that, wouldn't ya. [holds the pants up to Jake's face] 
[blowing soap suds at Jake] Come on! Ever been to a foam party? 
To get into the club? I don't think so! Not if I bring in tits and slits! Okay? It's called being a promoter. 
[dancing] Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz! 
Why is it that washing always costs more than drying? 
Mmm, no. Ask a stupid question, get a stupid answer. 
What? 
Oh, okay. I thought you said something mean. 
[laughing] Yeah! 
Embrace it, dude! I'm a promoter! 
[panicked] Is it actually scary? 
[sighs] Halloween time, and there is trouble afoot. [laughs] 
No, no. I wanted a bigger reaction. Let me give you some more options. 
Fun thing about this costume 
For fun little pranks! Like two weeks ago, I walk up to a family of four in a waiting room who's [air quotes] "awaiting news", and I'm just covered in fake blood, and I go, "I'm... so sorry." They start bawling, I can't even keep a straight face! Funny thing is, three minutes later, the real doctor comes in and tells them that their little boy had indeed actually passed away. I felt... vindicated! 
Wahhh! 
I think I'll quit candy next year... cold turkey! [chuckles] 
Legally, I'm dead. 
Mean. 
I ain't afraid of no ghost! 
He was. 
That's right. 
Who's gonna refuse to give me candy? 
What's a costume part? 
That's correct. 
Perhaps, maybe. Mayhaps, probably. 
[in a German accent] You Americans have Halloween, we call it Oktoberfest. Prost! 
Ja, ja, I had to make it a bit yellow. [dips his finger in and sniffs it] 
Yeah, the boogeyman's appetite for cash was insatiable, to be sure. But, I stood up for myself. I refused to be boogied. 
[raising his hands in self-defense and throwing cash at Jake] Aaah! Take my cash! 
[scoffs] Madness? 
[standing up, preparing to kick Jake] This is Sparta! 
Jake, I'm exhausted... I'm tired of this. 
It's year in, year out, and it wears on you. 
It's fatigue. 
That's what it is. I feel... drained. 
Dated? 
[preparing to kick Jake again] This is Sparta! 
Look at me. 
[suddenly energetic again] I'm doing a character! You idiot! [laughs] Gay prisoner! 
Sergeant [bleep] reporting for duty, sir, in the Puffy Army. 
I don't have to listen to you, [bleep]. I report to Colonel [bleep]. In the Puffy Army... [bleep] Division. 
[doing a Southern accent] Oh hey, partner! Don't mind me, I'm just fuckin' a cow! 
Oh... never mind. 
Never mind! 
Never mind! 
Hey, you're watching a very sexy episode of Jake and Amir! 
Sexy! 
[almost inaudibly] Hm? 
And I win! You spoke first, and thus I have the upper hand now. 
I didn't say anything. 
Power play. [chuckles] What's so funny, maggot? 
Nothing. 
Look, this isn't my first rodeo, okay? I'm on Tinder, Grindr, GROWLr, OKCupid, SoGayStupid, Twinge, Hinge, JDate, JSwipe, YouPorn, JYouPorn... I've seen it all, honey. What's your poison? 
"Twinge"? 
I have not heard of that one. Is that a digestif? 
You said Twinge. I don't know what that is. 
[to the server] Let's get my date a wine, and I think I will have... twinge. 
So here's what I'm gonna offer you this is five hundred dollars in cash, and it's yours if you leave right now. 
Just know that if you do take the money and run, that's it. You can't come back. No more second date. Sort of a coy little way to figure out if my dates are in it for the long Paul! [holds up a picture of Paul Dano] 
...No one's ever not taken the cash. 
Fuck. 
[orgasming] Oooo! 
[suddenly as energetic as ever] Got laid last night! [laughs] 
Buy high, sell low! 
Okay! 
Oh, fuck me in my shrimp dick. Here we go. 
[mocking Jake] Banana! 
[trying to slide a Bluetooth headset onto his ear, then just opting to hold it there] I should have seen this coming a mile away, with the frickin' Nikkei free fall. 
Nikkei! Yeah, the Tokyo stock market is tanking so hard, it's gonna take all the yellowtail in the Tsukiji fish market just to put a finger in this dike! 
I have a weird ear. 
And it's not before long that all my clients are gonna be up shit's creek and using me as a paddle! [pulling out a rain poncho and giving it to Jake] In fact, take this poncho! It'll help you from the impending shitstorm! 
Here we go-- [on the Bluetooth] Hamburger! Hi, how's my favorite client doing? [laughs] No, listen, dude. I'm lookin' at it too, but this is what we were talkin' about after Cirque du Soleil! 
Sorry, can I call you back? [to Jake] What was that? 
That shit about the weird client meeting place. 
Yeah! It's an experience, a full-body high. 
It's just-- I don't interrupt your work. 
Hold that thought-- [on the Bluetooth] La-la-la-la-la-Lasagna! 
[laughing] Let me call you back. [to Jake] Leave! 
I would kick your ass if I didn't love you so much-- oh! Here we go. This is the phone call we've all been waiting for. 
[on the Bluetooth] Mickey, my friend! 
Listen to me, Mickey. Now is no time to get scared, Mickey, okay? Adolf Hitler killed himself, Mickey, and history remembers him as a coward, Mickey! 
You haven't lost anything until you sell, Mickey, and I, as your broker, am not gonna let you do that, Mickey! You know why, Mickey? 'Cause I got a tip so hot I call it Satan's foreskin, Mickey! Okay? This is a hot, hot, hot, hot, hot tip, Mickey! 
You wanna be a billionaire, Mickey? So fucking bad, Mickey? Then let me pull the trigger, Mickey! Okay? This company's selling for pennies on the dollar, and I could turn these coins into golden doubloons for you and yours, Mickey! You ask your wife for permission, and this deal goes away, Mickey. Okay? You don't think I can walk this deal over to Hamburger? You don't think I can trike it over to Lasagna? 
It doesn't matter to me which one of my clients makes that cheese, Mickey, 'cause I'm still eatin' crackers like we're puttin' on the Ritz, Mickey! Don't put-- ...fine, put her on the phone, Mickey. You coward. Prick! Jerk! 
Minnie, my friend! 
I don't know what you heard from Mickey, Minnie, but I have a very, very, very reliable lead, Minnie! 
I'm not being goofy, Minnie! I have a lead for you, Minnie, and she is true, Minnie! You know about the A.P. Moller - Maersk Group, Minnie? Largest dry shipping container co. on God's green earth? Who do you think does sysops for them? [pause] System operations, you dumb ho. Who do you think makes Maersk go tick tick tick, so that they never go tick tick boom? [pause] That's right, Minnie, and I have an in with Kobenhavn! 
[to Jake] What? 
[on the Bluetooth] Okay, good! Put Mickey back on so we can pump and dump this company to the tune of 2.1 million shares! 
Mickey, my friend, all systems appear to be go. Can you pull the trigger with me, Mickey? Can you turn you key with mine, Mickey, and mine with yours, Mickey? Are you ready to be independently wealthy for life, Mickey? Here we go, three, two, one... [hits a key] ...and you're broke, Mickey. 
You flew too close to the Sun and now you're bankrupt, Mickey. Goodbye, Mickey. [hangs up, throws the Bluetooth onto the desk] Goodbye. [pause] Fuck. Sometimes I feel bad about the way I treat his sick ass. Constantly... trolling him. 
Hey, you're watching-- aah, Jake and Amir. Ow. 
Yeah. 
I can still get jobs done. Voice commands, job commands, and all that stuff. 
[to his computer] Google, compose a tweet... 
[to his computer] ..."My best friend is being a dickling." Hashtag: How in the world is that fair, I mean, he sees that I'm in a frickin' full body cast, for cryin' out sakes! 
Idiot! No-- Google search 
Google, search "getting the sympathy vote"-- 
You want to know how I got these scars? 
[rapping to the beat of the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme] ...In Northern Buffalo, born and raised. In a wood shed is where I spent all of my days! 
These black eyes were given to me by two black guys. Yeah! And I was put in a wheelchair by someone with real hair! 
Not to mention the cast on my arm! I was dealt blast, that meant harm! Comedy of errors? Nah, this was a dramedy of terrors! 
I just-- I'm not myself, okay? I haven't had my breakfast yet. 
That's right. 
Ow. Oww! Ohhh! 
[sitting up, with danish all over his face] Why? I'm handi-capable. [spits out pieces of the danish] Besides, what's a balanced breakfast without some cereal? Here we go! 
...Yummers! 
Please don't talk to me until I've had my coffee. 
One cup, freshly brewed! Coming right up! [leans over] 
[screaming] Gaaah! 
Yeah. 
Oh! ...Google, compose a tweet 
No, Google! No! 
"He's got that blond hair that I love! Those blue eyes that I can't get enough of! He's Jake! Jake!" 
Pause, Google! Pause! 
What? Nooo! 
Hello, 'tis the season to watch Jake and Amir! [in a lower register, as Jake] Nice. [singsong] Thank you! 
...So...? 
Oh, my Thanksgiving? Of course! I'll tell you everything. [chuckles] I was excited to see my loved ones and enjoy a festive meal. Unfortunately, nothing went according to flan! [holds up flan on a plate, laughs at his own joke, and then drops it on his desk] Anyway, listen to this boar shit! I get home Thanksgiving Eve Eve, and I don't know if it's the excitement or the fact that I haven't showered in a couple of... evers, but I develop a zit the size of a gumball on my forehead! I think it's inconvenient, sure, but when I woke up to my dad trying to lance and drain the bitch with a toothbrush he sharpened like a shiv, I'm equal parts appalled and dumb! The vain diva! He said my blemish would ruin everyone's appetite and holiday. So I says to him, I says, straight up, "Look, I don't have to have dinner with you guys. Frankly, I don't want to have dinner with you guys. But I gotta eat something, or I'm gonna be hangry." That's hungry and angry. So he sits silently for a spell, right, and I see something wash over him, this quiet serenity, and I realize this dingbat's gonna lock me in the room! That's the split-second we both charge for the door, and maybe I knock him off course, or maybe he frickin' slipped on the oil dripping from the golf-ball-sized zit, but the roach barrels headlong into the door jamb, and he's out cold. I'm talking frigid, frigid cold. His body is ice, his pulse is... is not. Keep in mind, my old man's forty-two, so at this point, him being dead is no bueno. No bueno at all. So I, I get down on my knees and I pray that the CPR that I saw on an episode of House M.D. on somebody else's TV on an airplane five years ago fucking registered with me! That's right, I'm pumping his chest, leaning in, giving him deep mouth-to-mouth, tongue and all, and having never performed or understood the maneuver, going on just what friggin' Hugh Laurie did on the show, and my daddy's not having any of it. He starts kicking and screaming, and I shout "Hold still or you're a dead! You're an absolute dead!" and he-- of course, he takes that the wrong way, I mean look at me! [breaks down into cackling] He reaches down into his pocket, all of a sudden, Papa's [suddenly singing] all about that Mace, 'bout that Mace, no bubble. As in he burst my bubble, when he realized I wasn't the George-Clooney-shaped hero that he hoped I was when he P-sprayed me in the face! The noxious liquid, of absolute course, does nothing to help the zit situation, or zituation for short, and the thing swells up to the size of a tennis ball, throbbing, pulsating, and yes, eventually speaking. Unintelligent squeaks at first, but gaining intelligence by the nanosecond, a full-on sentient staph infection, methinks! My dad gets one look at this horror show, and, and-- and of course he dives out of the window, presumably to his death, but probably not, because my, my room's in the basement. I look in the mirror, and the zit, speaking in tongues at this point, though I understand, demands that I feed it. To a regular human, it's: [makes grotesque noises from his throat] --to me, it's: "Feed me, feed me, feed me!" [laughs] So I march downstairs on the pimple's order and begin using the turkey syringe thing, the, uh... the, the, you know, the little ear-bulb thing, the, uh, the... [as if Jake had said something] ...right, the baster. And I'm squeezin' and suckin', feeding and pouring the gravy on the zit, feeding the zit gravy, like it's the opposite of volca-- of a volcano, and it grows, both in size and anger. Finally, the bitch is so big, I'm beginning to think I'm a growth on it, and not the other way around! I mean, at this point, it's borderline comical! So naturally, I throw up my hands and I laugh. Which is right when my dad comes in and sees this-- I mean, I-- how can you describe this as, as anything else but a burlesque show? It really is a burlesque show! And he starts chuckling to himself, and I'll share credit with the evil whitehead, but I got to admit, I'm feeling not bad, because this is the first time, probably ever, that I've seen my dad smile. We go to high five, he misses, probably on purpose, and boom! He hits my zit/boil/Lord and Savior, and boom goes the dynamite. The noise is deafening. And what an explosion! Oh, the humanity! I mean, the entire room is covered in pus and gravy. It looks like... it looks like the inside of an unnatural cave, just stalactites and stalagmites of, of, of, of, of, of this, this, this, this, this, this mucus. This, this pussy, mucusy gravy. So I look-- I look at my old man, this, this forty-two-year-old raisin of a prune at this point, and I go, "So, uh... who wants pizza?" [laughing] He starts laughing so hard... he faints, and then my mom is also passing out, because of the, uh... the pus everywhere is steamy hot, so she's sort of suffocating on the moisture, and she faints too, and then just before I pass out, I have this thought, this, this fleeting thought, I'm like, uh... "How the hell did I turn out so normal?" [pauses, sighs, then waves his hand at the screen] Y'ello? Can you hear me? 
Oh! No wonder you didn't... [holding up the flan] you didn't laugh at the flan joke. 
No, you... you, uh... you liked it. [laughs, pauses] You liked it. 
Hide your kids, hide your wife! 
Everything. 
[mouthing] Bad idea... 
Bad idea! 
No, you knowingly getting Ebola, to the office. 
I'm still fearful. 
I'm paranoid! 
[holding up his hands, making a buzzer sound] Daaanhh! Wrong, okay? [gesturing with his fists, while the gloves' fingers flap everywhere] Ebola is an epidemic, which means you're at risk everywhere! Okay? Last time I checked, you weren't Superman! [laughing] Though you're pretty frickin' close... 
What? 
They're not. 
Yeah, ya... [tries to demonstrate putting on gloves] ...squeeze 'em up. 
No. Not really, no. At all. 
Is it important for me to do work, or is it important for me to be alive? I think it's... I think alive is actually pretty crucial. 
Question, everyone 
Obviously they're not paying attention. Everyone's always... y-you go out to dinner, and everyone's like: [pretending to text] "Uh, yeah. Uh, yeah." No one's ever, like, listening-- 
Ohh! That smarts! 
Glad you asked! Leron teased the nurse returning from Liberia to the point where she actually hurled her own feces at him! [laughs] Later on, Leron and I French kissed in front of a security camera as a goof, and I fear some of the original Ebola-infected feces went from his throat into mine. 
Excuse...? 
How do you figure, is all? 
No. 
No, no, no, no, no! Listen to the case, dude! Leron was teasing a nurse-- 
Leron teased the nurse. 
I Frenched-- yeah. I French kissed my cousin Leron. 
As a goof. As a goof, I French kissed-- 
I'm tongue-kissing him. Okay? I'm tongue-kissing him-- 
--and then I'm afraid that some of the shit in his mouth went into my tongue. 
You're saying I teased the nurse. Like I'm a nurse-teaser. 
Yeah, I-- 
As a goof-- 
Don't say shit like that, or I'll quarantine your ass! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir-- where were you January 13th, 1999? 
I'm serious! 
I am absolutely obsessed with the new Serial podcast! 
I'm like, every time a new episode comes out, I, I'm just like-- [makes excited eating motions, laughs] 
[talking over Jake] I love it so much! I don't know, I can't explain it! I'm on the edge of my seat. I'm not even halfway done with the second episode, and I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I can't get enough! I literally started, like, three weeks ago. 
Less than. 
Yeah! 
But I'm very active in the subreddit. Yeah, I'm in there theorizing, postulating... actually stirring up a good amount of resentment, and... ill will towards you and me both. 
Does posting in the subreddit make me a lawyer? 
I mean, not necessarily. 
But, it might make me a law clerk or, at the very least, a paralegal. I'm definitely, definitely at least a detective for it. 
I think so. 
I'm a gumshoe. I'm a gumshoe of a detective, a rookie cop with a, with a chip on his shoulder! 
[quietly] Excuse? 
Went to visit Adnan yesterday. 
Was ready to offer him a conjugal, but the warden turned me down on Adnan's behalf! 
Oh, spoiler much? 
Downloaded! [holding up two fingers, one hooked to represent half] I said I've downloaded one and a half episodes! 
I listened to part of one. I got to the MailChimp part, [pronounced "MailKimp", as in the podcast's ad] but I can really see why people are hot on this shit! 
You don't have to know shit to be angry about shit. You just have to have an opinion, dumbass! 
I'll often post without doing very much research at all, just passing off biased viewpoints as fact! Potentially redundant, definitely hurtful, and all caps, all the time, baby! Upvote! 
Upvote! 
Upvote! 
And that made it to the front page! Wanna know why? 
Exactly right! I'm lying, but it doesn't matter, because I'm loud, so you have to acknowledge me! That's the beauty of the internet! Ask me anythong! [pulls out a thong] 
Conjugal, motherfucker! 
Hi, you're watching art. 
In action. Movement. Comedy. 
Hey bub. Mind if I pitch you some painting ideas? 
I'll take that as a no... 
...but I don't take no for an answer! Scoot over! 
You're taking up the whole couch! 
Alright, have you ever seen a painting of just, like, a fucking field? Not even of people. Just a landscape. 
[taken aback] Ow, that hurts... 
Never mind, I said. 
[nodding] Yeah. 
What's the gayest part of painting? 
[waving his hand] That you do it with a brush. 
Which is why I'm using this. [holds up a palette with paint] 
...Oh, no! 
See if you can wrap your fat little Jew cock around this idea It's a portrait painting of a woman. [pauses] ...Hmm? Thoughts? 
Has it been done? 
Alright, what if I forgo the canvas, and just straight up paint on a building? 
That's not fun, if it's been done! 
Exactly right. 
Forget it, I said! 
You know, what the big issue is is that I was born too late, so all the good shit's already been done. 
I would have killed it in Egypt, as a slave. Did you know, actually, here's a-- ...I came up with the pyramids. 
What about a dude? 
Mm-hmm. 
That's right. 
[simultaneously] Dude. 
[simultaneously] A girl. 
Nature, yeah. Nature landscape. 
[singing] There will be the sun, let it be...! 
Yes. 
[simultaneously] "Let It Be". Correct. 
[simultaneously] Of the Beatles. Yeah, exactly. 
Cold cuts. 
Head of a frog, body of a deer... he's golfing by himself, under the ocean, the floor is fire. Have you seen that? 
Perfect! 
No, not without an easel. 
[getting up and walking away] Jesus. 
[walking back the other way] Are you kidding me? 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, and something smells fishy! 
Ha ha, yeah. 
[deflecting a pad of Post-it notes] "Top Ten Fish to Fry", by Rodrigo O! [enunciating "O" as a strange moan] 
Yes. 
"Number ten write down the name of this fish, ya bish! Makes girls sad, squirrels mad, and men grin! Look no further than the almighty... penguin." 
Not a bird! 
That's a fightless turd. 
"Number nine 
It's a sashimi. 
Um, yeah, a Filet-O-Fish. 
Yeah. 
"Number eight catfish, fried! But don't let this mustachian fool you. This fish is all woman... and a crustacean drool cube." 
Excuse? 
...Fair. "Number seven Footloose star has gone too far! I say we dip him in oil, and serve him to a horde of angry fans." 
Excuse? 
"Done your work"! 
[doing a Southern accent] "Done your work!" 
[still doing an accent] "Hey, you over there! Let's all done our work--" 
"Number six bad for your diet. Not to mention it'll clog your arteries, and make you smell like a fartery. Pee-yew." [pause, then, pronouncing "PU"] "Poo." 
[simultaneously] Kevin Bacon. 
"Number--" 
"Number five..." 
"Number five". "Number five is Ryan Gosling, starred in Drive--" 
[holding out his hand to interrupt Jake] Jumping to conclusions. "What was his favorite fried fish, at the craft services table?" 
Do you not? ...Neither do I. I was hoping you'd, uh... [making a hopping motion with his hand] ...jump in right there with that. 
Never matter. It's probably, like, lox or something. 
You think Gosling eats fried fish? Ya fucking idiot, he's an Adonis! 
Gosling's on a strict no-fried-fish diet. You know it, I know it-- 
--the American people know it. 
"Number four..." 
"Drop your bass to the floor!" [singing to the tune of "Anaconda" by Nicki Minaj] "My big piranha don't want naan unless you fry that bun! Oh my cod. Look at that cut. Oh my cod. I like halibut--" 
"Number three 
It's fine. "Haddock--" ..."Haddock is--" ..."Number three..." 
I'll go in a bit. "Number two? Nah. It's tuna. Forget tilapia, whitefish, and speck. A deep-fried tuna... will help you forget the pain in your neck." 
It's a fortunate coincidence. "Number one 
( -Rodrigo O!"] 
"I taste only blood, perhaps a bit of lead. Soon the fried fish won't be all whom are dead. My friend did this to me, he's a murderous beast. But let my last words be this: Fried fish is a feast." 
"And now I'm deceased." 
Um... I do fear that I'm actually going to die. 
Be the change you want to be! 
Okay. 
[speaking in a singsong tone, gesturing at the bin] Aaah! Aa-aah, in the compost bin! 
[singing "What's My Name", flipping open the lid of the bin] Banana! What's my name? Banana! What's my name? 
[now singing "Oh Nana" and flipping the lid as if the bin is singing] Banana! 
[still singing] When you keep shakin' that oh! Oh! 
[laughs] Mustard on the beat. 
I want to make soil. Yeah, so I throw away old food and shit in here, and then maggots and larvae get into it, right, and then they eat it, and they turn the mush into wet dirt. 
I have my affairs in order. I figure my life's on the right track, so why not pick up a hobby? 
I flossed in the autumn! 
[grinning] For the tooth fairy! 
Yeah. 
Seeds. 
...Gid. 
Gid. Gid! 
Gid! 
Gid! 
G, I, D. 
Gid is a word. 
Wanna bet? 
And if it is a word, then I keep the compost, and you eat what's inside! 
Is it a word? 
We made a bet! 
...What? 
Murph! 
He bet me gid wasn't a word, and it is a word. 
Bull! He said he was gonna eat what was inside the compost! 
[laughing] Nice! 
Hey, you're watching the end of an era. 
I am chill! Sorry. I am chill. 
Shhh! 
Yeah, because opinions are like assholes 
No. 
Because it's healthy, dingus! My cousin Leron has a friend Chard who's a personal trainer! 
That's right. He's Swiss! 
Mm-hmm! 
No! 
No, I have to work in it! 
I have to work out in it! Yeah! 
It doesn't matter. The one issue, honestly, is that it's a little hot. It's steamy. But-- 
--it is shiny. I like that it's shiny, and actually, I trust Chard. 
I do trust Chard, because he has a record label. 
[doing a voice] What seems to be the problem here, officer? [laughs] 
Sorry, let me try to wrap my cock around this 
[laughing] It's not a joke! It's not a joke. Not everything is a joke. 
Nobody did laugh, though. 
Give us one chance, dude, okay? One more opportunity. Mom's spaghetti. I swear we'll write not just one episode for you, but an entire web series... eight hundred fucking episodes. 
And they'll be cheap, too. Because all of them will be Jake and I, chatting. 
Yeah! It'll be me and you talking. 
Mm-hmm! 
[laughing] I do! 
[laughing] See? That's an episode! Another one could be, is if I'm, uh, a mime, or... I get a dog, or, uh, if I, one c-- one could be if I have a snake or bread. 
It's all funny, though, because if it's-- 
So think ab-- 
N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-no! 
...This... is the show. This is the show. 
Thi-- 
Sam, I have a feeling you're gonna love the first episode of Amir and Jake! 
What the fug is this shif? 
You're trying to type-cast me as some sort of loveable fool! I'm not gonna have it, at one point you-you had me throwing a computer against the wall. 
About how I'm coool! 
Art imitating me... 
I'm bragging, about how I can drink like a skunk. 
This is exactly why I invited my friend here. He's a real Hollywood movie writer, he can help. 
Oh. He's right here. 
Somebody tried to suck his dick last year- 
So here's the situation, CollegeHumor's asking us to write the first episode in a webseries, okay? We want it to be great, something that can potentially last for, I don't know, eight years? 
That'd be great. 
Yeah, yeah, yeah! 
Okay 
Dude! 
That's like (laughs) I eat that shit always! 
Ooh, I like that. 
"Norm!" 
What? 
I'd be down. 
Yes. 
What kind of animal do they drink like? 
Hey, how are ya. Amir Blumenfeld. 
But-- 
But everybody's name is Amir Blumenfeld. [to Jake] What's your name? 
[scoffs] The exception to the rule. [to Amir] Your name? 
Amir Blumenfeld! 
Uhh, ah-thank-ahhh. 
Jope! 
He did, yeah. 
Carrot who? 
He tried to blow you! 
You should have listened to the doctor, Jake. 
The attempted dick-sucking. 
Geez, how many people live here? How'd you find this place? 
I'd be down to live in a cupcake. 
He's-- he's literally always negative to me, and he's always bringing me down. 
Or... 
...everyone pitch their ideas at the same time and we get out of here fifty times quicker. 
That's okay. It's better to have over a thousand pages of garbage than four pages of gold. 
You've been great. 
This town will eat you alive! 
I'm serious! 
Sorry! Couldn't find a meter spot to save my life! I had to valet like a chumpwad. 
[jutting his golf bag out] Golf clubs! 
I'm trying to be relatable, dimwit. You know, this is actually a pretty big problem you have: You often reject my shit at the face without really trying to understand and grasp the subtle nuance behind it. Zoom out! 
[imitating Christian Bale] Are you professional? 
Sorry! 
I just learned about it. 
I'm actually dyslexic. 
It's pretty bad, actually. 
So am I. Blanche, Lyle, I apologize for my... insanely boring colleague. He doesn't realize that from him, even a little bit is too much. 
But pass me the conch. [holding up his hand, which is in an actual conch] Allow me to beat your eardrums for just a minute here... 
My father was a quiet man. Proud. Growing up, we moved... a lot. I actually caught him one early, early morning, packing up our things -- plates, cups and whatnot -- and I told him "Papa..." [breaking from his story] Chinese fire drill! Chinese fire drill! 
I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna get ya! 
This brunch is over. I'm sorry, but we reject your offer. It's not only a drop in the bucket, but it's a slap in the face. Lyle, you've underplayed your hand! 
But you can teach one new tricks. 
Jake. Count this cash. 
Though I'll tell you right now we're not accepting it, because we want complete creative control, Lyle! 
We want full fucking autonomy, Blanche. 
The only oversight here is you, Lyle. As in of your jowly face. [to Blanche] Of your... old pussy. I bid you guys namaste, I bid you guys adieu, I bid you all arrive-door-cheese. Jake, hand them the blood money back, please. 
Oh, and Blanche? 
No... you misread this. 
Valet! 
Right. 
Alright, alright, that was great. Let's do it one more time. 
All rice. 
[directly to the viewer] Casting is important. In a way, it determines which actors play which parts. 
Let's watch the tapes. 
This is, uh, three-time NBA champion Rick Fox, auditioning for I am not a chicken, my wife's not a chicken, and my kids are not eggs... alright-- 
I like that. 
[grabbing Jake's shoulders] Shia! The Beef! 
To have an opportunity to have an A-list celebrity in this script to have? 
Okay. Yeah, right! [laughs] And I'm not-- ...I don't know the correlation, like, which one makes it s-- I know he is Shia. 
Ah, no. I bet he loves this, actually, 'cause his tears taste salty, and he'll just eat it. 
I think he nailed it. 
Nice try, Smitty! 
What? No! You can't go off-book! 
What? No, I'll-- 
I'll kill you! 
Die, you beautiful bastard! 
Mickey, my friend! Yup, we just reviewed your tape, Mickey. 
You know what we thought, Mickey? I'll tell you what we thought, Mickey. Uh, we thought the same thing Olivier thought when he discovered Brando, Mickey: that we feel like we have a star on our hands, and we don't want to fuck it up, Mickey! Mickey, there is so much untapped potential within you, Mickey! I had no idea, Mickey! [crying] I just... I want to do you proud, Mickey, because I know you'll do us proud. That's why, Mickey! In fact, we just got off the phone with your manager, your agent, and your lawyer. They held our feet to the flame, and we gave in a hundred and ten percent! You got points on the back end, Mickey! [laughs] You got points on the front end! My lawyer didn't know what to do with himself! He was beside himself, Mickey! And I said as soon as you see what-- what I saw in this guy that I had known for my entire life, Mickey, I just-- I had no idea, Mickey! It was beautiful to see, Mickey, this transformation! When did you vacation in a cocoon and emerge as a beautiful butterfly, Mickey? Go to deadline.com, Mickey. Go to deadline.com right now, Mickey. It's a Hollywood-style gossip blogzine, Mickey, and you, my friend, are on the front page. The picture they used is a little outdated, but the headline is very much so loud and clear: Hollywood's New A-List Celeb! You're the talk of the town, Mickey! You know why, Mickey? 'Cause you're the star of our fucking short, Mickey! You're the star of our new web series, do you see it? You don't see it yet? G-- hit Refresh, Mickey! Command-R, Mickey? Maybe hold down Shift while you refresh, Mickey, so that it busts the cache, Mickey? Still nothin', huh, Mickey? You know why, Mickey? 'Cause it's not on deadline.com, Mickey! 'Cause we d-- ...because you sucked, Mickey! Your read was flat, Mickey, it was uninspired, Mickey, and you're frankly not that good of an actor, Mickey! Truth be told, we didn't even review your fucking tape, Mickey, that's how sure I am that ya suck, Mickey! Goodbye, Mickey! Goodbye forever... Mickey! 
I'm gonna miss that guy. 
Not for long! 
Wait, what? 
[patting Jake on the knee] Good shoot, as they say! Good shoot! 
Nobody said making art would be easy. 
[through the megaphone] Excuse...? 
Oh! 
I'm sorry if I went dickless for Michael Chiklis. I'm serious. [air quotes] I apologize if I "inconvenienced anybody". 
Huh... Thank you-- 
[holding a paper pterodactyl out in front of him] Welcome, to Jurassic Shart? 
[frustrated] Anal! 
Let me ask 
A lot of other stuff happened, by the way! 
[sarcastically] Oooooh! 
It's there in pieces! 
Excuse you! Absolutely excuse you! 
By the way, whatever we didn't get today, we pick up tomorrow! That's why it's called a pick-up! 
[holding up a finger to stop Jake] I had a KIND bar. 
I had a KIND bar-- 
--and soup! I had a KIND bar and soup, which I think is f-- 
Let's talk post-production for a second. 
I'm thinking in terms of editing, I can cut the bitch up myself. 
I mean, I do have iMovie. 
You know what? Suck my fuckin' toe, dude! 
Suck my toe! 
Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
I just did. 
It's actually not a movie-- 
You had an everything bagel? 
Then why do you have a seed? 
Ohh! 
Whoa! Was that cocaine? 
Five? 
Us? 
What? 
Nooo! 
[quietly] Nice. 
What are you doing? 
"Disheveled after-party look"? 
A dayve? 
How much sugar did you snort? 
Losers. 
I am! 
I thought we got fired. 
Okay. 
Oh yeah! Oh hell yeah, actually! 
Why? Who are you voting for, ya ya ya frickin' Muslim? 
Oh my God-- oh sorry, gosh. [laughs] You left-leaning libtards are so politically correct. Okay, this is why we've gotta trump that-- 
[mouthing] --bitch. Bitch. 
[laughing] The pussy video was pretty funny. 
It was locker room talk. You know how locker rooms talk? 
Yeah! Exactly right. And by the way, Trump wants to put a lid on immigration, illegal or otherwise, which I actually like as a moron with high standards. 
Bite your tongue! 
I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain, and I've said a lot of things. 
Joke's on you. It's actually a Trump quote, verbatim! [laughs] Caught! 
Let me ask you this 
Wrong. 
Rotten. 
And the, um, um... the emails? 
Yeah, the the-the-the-the-the... the emails? Ya stuttering dumb. 
You're okay with her sending secret shit? About me and you, and then archiving them for later, or sending them to the trash-- 
I'll tell you what the email issue was 
...Donald Trump is gonna knock the crap outta ISIS. Hillary Clinton, erstwhile, won't even say "radical Islam". I mean that right there is enough for, for me to grab my pussy with joy! 
Hillary is actually ISIS. And Benghazi. And, furthermost, she is in jail. 
Uh-huh! 
[interrupting] Bill Clinton! 
Whattadattada-do? I'll tell you whattadatta-hadda-do. 
He's a disaster, and Bill Clinton is Hillary Clinton. So... I don't know if I mentioned that earlier. 
It doesn't matter what's true, it matters what's entertaining! Okay? In fact, lies are better than truths, because people talk and tweet about the lies! Okay, truths are boring, but lies have eyes! And the ayes have it! Yeah, it's not about who's populist, it's about who's popularrr! It's like, you don't even understand how to win in Florida! And by the way, we're winning! We're winning big in Florida! 
That's because the polls are frickin' rigged! 
I really think that the polls are either rigged or they're right, and it's crazy to think, I mean, because this girl-- this woman, sorry, this "candidate", this disaster, is rigging the whole frickin' system! That's why we call her Lyin' Ted-- 
--that's why we call her Low-Energy Jeb-- 
--and she hasn't done anything right, except for the fact that she's rigged the system against my client, and you know what? He's still shellacking her in the polls! The polls are rigged and he's still winning in a landslide! 
And guess what? SNL's making fun of him too. Explain that! 
Deals. 
Sorry, I'll let you finish, but the answer's gonna be deals. 
It's gonna be good deals, let's hear what the question is. 
Good-- [Jake holds his hand up.] I'll let you finish your question. 
So go. Okay. 
Good deals. Sorry. Continue. 
Yes. I haven't said it yet, I'm waiting for-- 
...He makes good deals. He actually makes the best deals, and that's coming from him, so you know that it's good! 
It's good at taxes! 
It really is good. Nobody knows more about taxes ever than Donald Trump, and he says it's good, so I'd-- 
He's fine. 
Disaster. 
Fine. A little right of center, but fine. 
Muslim. Kenyan. Disaster. 
Strong. Fierce. Hot. 
Strong. Fierce. 
Fierce and strong. 
Hot. 
Disaster, Bill Clinton, disaster. 
Weak. I like heroes that weren't caught. 
Fine-- I mean, bad, obviously, but compared to the disaster that is Bill...ghazi... Clinton, it's not that bad. 
Registered to what now? 
...Oh! [laughs, flips the hat around] I might actually be a Bernie bro! 
